… Join our team and make the world better for developers! We are building the Developer Relations dream team in Azure engineering. Our global team is maniacal about making the world amazing for developers of all backgrounds. We're excited to support and contribute to open source platforms, tools, and processes. We’re spreading awareness of Azure and enabling developers to do what they love; write, code, and learn. This is the heart and soul of reinventing Microsoft’s relationship with developers. Sound exciting? This is your opportunity to join and be a key part of our mission! Learn more here: www.aka.ms/meettheteam We create global online experiences for Microsoft, like docs.microsoft.com, Channel 9, and dev.microsoft.com. We believe that great online content and experiences (docs, demos, videos, code, tutorials) is the foundation of everything we do to make it easy for customers to learn and adopt our technology and solve their business challenges. apexawesomejobs apexawesomejobsContent Responsibilities Passionate about content and documentation? Deep interest in the Azure Management and Monitoring technologies. Want to help customers using our On Prem services transition to the cloud and experience the power of Azure? If you answered yes to the above questions, then we have the job for you. We are looking for a content developer to innovate and produce high-quality documentation. Are you a great writer that enjoys digging into technology and explaining it in simple, easy-to-understand terms? Do you thrive working in a collaborative environment? Passionate working with a fast-paced engineering team in an ever-changing market environment? Are you motivated to understand customer needs and act as a customer advocate? If so, do we have the position on our team for you. Qualifications You should have: Exceptional experience using System Center components (Operations Manager, VMM, DPM, Orchestrator, Service Manager Automation) Exceptional experience and knowledge using and writing about Azure Application Insights, Log Analytics, Monitoring and Automation Ability to develop web apps in Node.js, ASP.NET or other platforms Minimum 5 years working with System Center, 3 years with Azure Strong written and verbal skills Experience designing and developing customer-oriented technical content Experience writing for a highly technical audience: IT pro, developer, or DevOps Experience interacting with and learning from customers Strong attention to detail It would be great to have: Experience working with CSS, Supportability, CXP and Field teams Experience working with git and GitHub as a content management system Experience writing about cloud-based and hybrid solutions • Experience working with engineering to improve user experiences Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.