RSM’s unique approach develops critical thinking and has built excellence in math since 1997. Recently featured by NPR and the Atlantic magazine as one of the players in the “Math Revolution” and ranked one of the best schools in the world by the Johns Hopkins Center for Talented Youth, RSM helps children of all levels build a solid math foundation and develop their critical-thinking and problem-solving skills. For nearly two decades, RSM students have consistently achieved remarkable scores on standardized tests and in national and international math competitions, although attaining top test scores is just one of the benefits of our program. RSM helps students of all levels become more confident in math and develop a deeper understanding of the subject. The Russian School of Mathematics is looking to hire full and part-time Office Administrators in our Sunnyvale location. The school operates from 3:30 pm to 8:30 pm on weekdays 9:00 am to 6:00 pm on weekends. The primary responsibility of this position is to provide exceptional customer service, front desk coverage and administrative support to the RSM Sunnyvale office and the School Principal. The incumbent will perform a wide range of administrative and general office duties and assist in special projects. _Responsibilities:_ Provide exceptional customer service via phone and in person to current and prospective clients. Create a welcoming environment for parents and students through adherence to customer service standards. Respond to client inquiries, provide information on the school operations Schedule meetings, maintain records and update the database Assist in scheduling and coordination of RSM events, parents meetings, awards ceremonies, etc. Assist in the office supply inventory/ordering and preparing expense reports for the School Principal and the office Help with special projects as assigned and needed. _Qualifications:_ Highly organized and motivated, ability to multi-task and prioritize in dynamic, fast paced environment Good written and verbal communication skills Professional phone presentation and quick learning skills Strong skills in MS Word and Excel Minimum Associates degree or 1-2 years of office experience _RSM embraces diversity and is committed to attracting qualified candidates who also embrace and value diversity and inclusivity. RSM is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer_ _cb_