The Department of Family and Protective Services seeks a Technical (Systems/Network) Architect to help build an overall and comprehensive view of the organization’s business strategy, processes, information, and information technology assets. This information will be used to align the business and information technology directions. The Technical Architect will drive standards and common approaches and expose information and processes across the enterprise. The workers (enterprise/system architects) will develop and document the overall information technology standards and develop and oversee the direction of the Technical domain, and partner with the other domain architects including Business, Applications, Security, and Data. The Enterprise Architecture team will develop comprehensive plans for each of the enterprise domains supporting the transition from the current technology environments to the approved future state. The Technical Architect will report to the DFPS Information Security Officer and Director of Enterprise Architecture. The mission of DFPS is to protect children, the elderly, and people with disabilities from abuse, neglect, and exploitation by involving clients, families, and communities. This position is classified as a full-time position (40 hours a week). Work outside of regular hours may be required. Travel to other Austin offices(s) may be required. Works under minimal supervision, with extensive latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment. Essential Job Functions: • Development and implementation of DFPS infrastructure and network architectures. • Assess the current infrastructure, network, and field operations assets to identify gaps, provide recommendations, and lead implementation. • Ensure reuse of data across the agency and prepare for any inter/intra agency data exchange. • Lead the architecture for the overall agency-wide network assets including data center, field operations, and remote devices. • Partner with Application Architect, Data Architect, and Security Architect to implement DevOps tools and processes within the enterprise. • Support problem management activities within the ITIL procedures. • Lead the capacity planning and monitoring efforts around the infrastructure and network assets. • Provide guidance to the application development teams on system architecture to meet the service level objectives from end-user perspective for new and existing applications. • Participate in the selection of the future-state software, infrastructure, and network technologies and tools. • Support the development and implementation of the IT enterprise roadmap for an enterprise architecture domain and component technologies, services, and standards. • Identify, analyze, and prepare mitigation strategies for risks related to the DFPS information technology environments. • Provide analysis and consultation to CIO/IRM, CTO, and agency leadership on key technology issues affecting the agency. • Participate in planning, policy development, budget discussions, and problem resolution efforts to support and maintain the IT information technology environments. • Recommend and develops policies, procedures and practices in concert with the Information Security Officer, Chief Technology Officer, and the Chief Information Officer related enterprise architecture framework and security. • Ensure the enterprise architecture plan supports the IT security policies and direction. Knowledge Skills Abilities: • Five (5) years’ experience in technical (systems/network) architectural domain; with familiarity of some of the other architecture domains. • Three (3) years’ experience in designing and implementing IT service management standards, tools, and methodologies. • Three (3) years’ experience with network architecture, implementation, and administration. • Three (3) years’ experience with system architecture, implementation, and administration. • Three (3) years’ experience with DevOps tools and processes. • One (1) year experience with public/private/hybrid cloud. • Comprehensive knowledge of network, application, and systems engineering. • Working knowledge in planning, recommending, and managing IT Enterprise architecture frameworks. • Working knowledge of IT Infrastructure Library (ITIL) framework to establish an IT Service Management environment. • Working knowledge of IT strategic planning. • Skills in critical analysis, decision making, and ability to think and act strategically and proactively. • Working knowledge of IT fiscal management, risk management, and IT legal, ethics, and security matters. • Communications skills including written and verbal skills. • Ability to develop recommendations and presentations suited for various levels of leadership and decision makers. • Knowledge of local, state, and federal laws and regulations relevant to information security, privacy, and computer crime. Registration or Licensure Requirements: • Graduation from an accredited four-year college or university with major coursework in computer engineering, computer science, information systems, information technology security or related field. Work experience may be substituted for education on a year-for-year basis. • ITIL expert-level certifications preferred (any version). • Master’s degree in related field preferred. Initial Selection Criteria: computer engineering, computer science, information systems, information technology security or related field. Work experience may be substituted for education on a year-for-year basis. • Five (5) years’ experience in technology (systems/network) architectural domain; with familiarity of some of the other architecture domains. • Three (3) years’ experience in designing and implementing IT service management standards, tools, and methodologies. • Three (3) years’ experience with network architecture, implementation, and administration. • Three (3) years’ experience with system architecture, implementation, and administration. Additional Information: Candidates selected for interviews will be asked to provide two writing samples of work projects related to this role. MOS Code: registration or licensure requirements for this position. All active duty military, reservists, guardsmen, and veterans are encouraged to apply if qualified to fill this position. For more information see the Texas State Auditor’s Military Crosswalk at http://www.hr.sao.state.tx.us/Compensation/JobDescriptions.aspx. HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work. I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form. In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview.