Do you thrive making data driven decisions? Do you enjoy being a critical player in managing your companies’ operational infrastructure? Do you want to be the “go to” person for strategic and tactical initiatives within your marketing organization? If so, keep reading! What You’ll Do: Provide analytic support to VP Analytics & Strategic Partnership and dotted line support to Marketing teams Own, Develop, and manage the reporting package for Marketing and Sales teams Manage CRM and marketing automation data integrity and continued hygiene Develop best practices that align customer data quality with company initiatives Work with marketing management to utilize data for demand generation acceleration and BDR effectiveness Work with marketing management to project monthly goals and targets Liaison with internal departments to obtain answers to marketing related questions and issues pertaining to process, sales handoff, and other lead related questions Assist with ad hoc projects, data analysis and reporting as needed Provides ongoing support for marketing enablement Must have a Bachelor’s degree Strong MS Office skills (high level of proficiency in Excel and Power Point) required 3+ years of experience data mining in a technology-based industry is preferred Knowledge and prior use of a BI / Reporting tool (Tableau, Domo, PowerBI, etc.) is preferred Knowledge and prior use of Salesforce.com is preferred Knowledge and prior use of Marketo or another marketing automation tool is preferred Ability to work in fast-paced, dynamic environment with confidence Excellent interpersonal and soft skills; ability to build strong professional relationships at all levels and cross functionally and effectively manage differences of opinions Strong sense of urgency, including the ability to meet or exceed deadlines and set priorities Why We’re Awesome At Social Solutions , we’re mission focused and results oriented! We’re a diverse team of innovators, creatives, and digital architects that come together to help organizations transform lives. Social Solutions ’ software (SaaS) helps some of the most vulnerable human beings in our society. Our software for Nonprofits allows them to spend less time on compliance and more time on ensuring the effectiveness of their service programs for the people who rely on them. Since our software was designed by direct service works for direct service providers, it also helps them to demonstrate impact to stakeholders. What You’ll Get Amazing coworkers 100% employer paid benefits for employees Flexible PTO 8 hours per quarter of volunteer time Company sponsored events and happy hours Career advancement opportunities That’s not all, folks! _All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability._