Vista Consulting Group is the operating and consulting arm of Vista Equity Partners, a private equity firm that specializes in acquiring software, data and technology enabled businesses. The VCG team works alongside Vista investment professionals and key portfolio company leaders to help current and newly-acquired businesses strengthen their operations through the implementation of standardized, repeatable and proven processes and methodologies. Vista Consulting Group is experiencing strong success, resulting in the growth of our Product and Technology team. The Product and Technology team works with all portfolio companies to implement and drive operational excellence in product management and software development by optimizing people, process, tools and technology. This is an exciting opportunity to own and define cloud transformation and management best practices within highly-distinguished software companies. Job Responsibilities and Expectations: Provide thought leadership and expert advice to Vista companies on cloud providers, offerings, technical architecture, migrations, procurement and cost management. Assist Vista companies with optimization of existing cloud environments providing technical architecture recommendations, cost management approaches and deep expertise on cloud providers’ offerings (focus on AWS, Azure and GCP). Advise DevOps and Cloud Ops teams on solutions for product monitoring, high availability, security, and scalability. Partner with companies to develop cloud migration strategies and approaches aligned with companies’ business objectives. Provide leadership in infrastructure migration methodologies and techniques including mass application movements into the cloud including implementation of Azure or AWS within in large regulated enterprise environments. Lead technical relationship with major cloud providers (Azure, AWS and GCP) ensuring Vista companies get access to proper resources, structure optimum commercial agreements and receive ongoing and uniquely differentiated services from providers. Build a trusted relationship with companies executives and nurture cloud expertise internally and externally to drive cloud adoption. Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or Information Technology. 10+ years as a systems architect and/or the equivalent experience designing and collaborating on complex software systems. Azure, AWS or GCP based cloud architecture and migration skills and experience. Strong understanding across cloud and infrastructure components (server, storage, network, data, and applications) to deliver end to end cloud infrastructure architectures and designs. Relevant Industry certifications such on Microsoft Azure, Amazon Web Services (AWS), OpenStack or Togaf.