This is a part time 0-19hrs/week position. _Looking for an opportunity to impact the future?_ Then King’s Schools is for you! King’s Schools is the independent preschool through high school Christian school of choice in the Seattle area. Our faculty are passionate about education. They invest in their students through award-winning teaching, mentoring and collaboration. In a close knit community of engaged students, supportive and active parents, caring and innovative faculty, students are challenged to grow intellectually and given opportunities to build character, preparing them for college and more importantly for life. POSITION SUMMARY The NILD Educational Therapist is responsible for providing a supplemental educational program that strengthens the deficit learning areas of children and facilitates their satisfactory classroom performance. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS (General overview and may not include all details of responsibilities) DUTIES Work with Academic Services Coordinator, principal, and teachers to identify students with special learning needs. Develop an individually designed program of therapy specifically to meet the needs of each child in therapy. Develop major educational goals and teach regularly scheduled therapy sessions using the appropriate methods and materials selected for each child. Consult with classroom teachers on a regular basis regarding the progress of students, and be a resource to the teachers for the child’s total educational program; issue and collect contracts for proper billing. Administer suggested battery of educational tests at the beginning and/or end of the year to ascertain student progress and then report the findings to the coordinator, principal, parents and classroom teacher. Oversee setting of schedules for instruction of students in program. Schedule regular meetings for parents to observe therapy sessions of their child and to discuss mutual concerns. Meet with and educate parents of each student to assist their child(ren) in the methods and materials of the program. Attend the following: General orientation meetings, NILD Conferences, parent support group conferences and other meetings requested by the coordinator and/or principal to promote the program and/or educate others concerning the program. Work collaboratively with supervisor, coworkers and customers. Perform other related duties as assigned. _Personal conduct that reflects well on CRISTA Ministries and supports our personal conduct policy_ _Perform all duties consistent with the CRISTA Ministries Mission Statement_ ESSENTIAL QUALIFICATIONS CHRIST CENTERED A deep and abiding faith that is fully surrendered to the will of Jesus Christ, evidenced by a lifestyle that is consistent with biblical principles in word and deed. Commitment to spiritual growth and development. Demonstrates the values of a CRISTA leader. EDUCATION _Bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or university recognized by the United States Department of Education or equivalent._ LICENSURE / CERTIFICATION NILD Level 1 Certificate, CPR/First Aid/AED Training SOFTWARE / EQUIPMENT KNOWLEDGE Office 365 PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS EDUCATION NILD Advanced Course Work EXPERIENCE Two years of teaching LICENSURE / CERTIFICATION Teaching Certificate SOFTWARE / EQUIPMENT KNOWLEDGE One Note, RenWeb, NWEA MAP Growth Assessment, Rubicon Atlas Curriculum Mapping OTHER CONSIDERATIONS The educational therapist should continue to participate in seminars, advanced courses, and any other learning opportunities to keep updated on current research and trends in Special Education.