CEVA Logistics, one of the world’s leading supply chain companies, designs and implements industry leading solutions for large and medium-size national and multinational companies. Approximately 40,000 employees in nearly 160 countries are dedicated to delivering effective and robust supply chain solutions across a variety of sectors where CEVA applies its operational expertise to provide best-in-class services across its integrated network. CEVA offers competitive incentive packages, exceptional benefits and an exceptional culture for career building. Start your career with CEVA and build on our Foundations: Unity, Growth and Excellence. CEVA people are passionate about supply chain management. Job Summary: CEVA Logistics is currently hiring a CargoWise Developer located in Houston, TX. The CargoWise Developer is the functional/departmental wide primary person responsible for designing, developing, maintaining and supporting IT applications/infrastructure/solutions/architecture in order to contribute to a first class IT Management Service for our operations. In this role, the CargoWise Developer Participate with team of technical staff and business managers or practitioners in the business unit to determine systems requirements and functionalities needed in large/complex projects integrating with CargoWise One Assess and develop high level design requirements for project and communicate in writing or in meetings with development teams Review coding/configuration/master data setup/quality assurance testing for CargoWise One deployments/advance application upgrades, extensions, or other developments Analyze application for data integrity issues Develop test protocols or plan for testing revised application and review test results Summary of Key Responsibilities: Has a good command of and applies/uses complex tools and systems of several levels of depth. Proficiently applies IT methods, professional knowledge and CEVA standards and practices to complex tasks and situations; Coordinates work performed through internal customers/business partners by defining project requirements, performing feasibility and needs/impact assessments Optimizes and implements different business applications/ modules for different IT Clusters or multiple sites. (D&B includes Design, development, test & deploy activities + Quotations + R&M run & maintain activities at a senior level) Develops know-how for parts of the IT function. Drives new technology initiatives from “idea” to implementation; Establishes and defines system workflow processes to meet requirements; identifies and defines necessary elements for center of excellence Supports, manages and develops customer relations. Job includes supervision of activities of small team of specialists. Manages the workload for, and coaches, co-workers on IT professionals on the team. Familiar with the opinion leaders in the technical/professional community within this domain. Coordination activities involving multiple IT expertise, suppliers, etc. Supports supplier relations Serve as project lead or lead technical staff in course of application development project Responds to unfamiliar, undefined, unexpected, or unstable situations with the professionally prescribed standard response. Uses standard analytical tools and rules to determine root cause and resolve the broad range of common system or application problems. Problems include but are not limited to: New application implementation problems, systems hardware/software crashing, system operational problems, power outages, etc. Working with senior leaders establishes goals and operating plans for the department and operates within budget parameters. Education and Experience: University or higher education degree in IT Management or Supply Chain Management, or comparable experience in the Logistics industry preferred ITIL Foundation CargoWise integration experience Specialized Technical Knowledge & Skills Experience of operating in large company or recognized IT consultancy Solid experience implementing CargoWise One in an integrated application environment Solid experience designing and developing prototypes/applications/services utilizing CargoWise One, Java/J2EE/TIBCO Business Works, IBM MQ to support and streamline business applications Strong working knowledge of Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) and associated concepts, such as XML Schemas, WS specifications, SOAP, Service Mediation/ESB, Policy Management, Governance, Messaging, etc. L2/L3 production support experience Familiarity/experience preferred in integrating with I-Series technologies/DB applications 3 – 7 years of experience with Java and TIBCO Experience with database technologies: SQL Familiarity with LDAP, Active Directory integration Experience troubleshooting complex production bottlenecks to determine root cause of the problem in various infrastructure areas like OS, Network, SAN, Application, etc. CEVA operates in a multicultural, global environment and is a richly diverse organization operating seamlessly as one company. We aim to attract, motivate and retain the best people in our industry, whatever their background. We share the same passion to deliver world-class solutions to our customers. We have the best supply chain professionals in the industry and develop this talent in an inspiring work environment. CEVA Logistics is proud to be an equal opportunity work place and an affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, veteran status or any other characteristic. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer of Minorities, Females, Protected Veterans, and Individual with Disabilities.