Project Manager I - Data Governance-1804981 Description As a member of the Technology organization, you will be part of the team that serves the needs of Santander Bank, N.A., including products and services for personal, business and corporate customers. Our people are at the heart of everything we do. We are committed to teamwork, and we encourage collaboration and innovation to be a smart, customer-focused and solutions-oriented organization The Technology Team supports the development, implementation and ongoing maintenance of all banking systems. This team has the expertise and commitment to develop high-quality solutions to meet the needs of a fast-paced and complex operating environment. POSITION SUMMARY Under direct supervision, responsible for small projects or phases of larger projects. Assists with planning, monitoring and managing internal projects from initiation through completion. Coordinates activities of team members and external resources as needed. Monitors progress and works to ensure on-time completion according to specifications. POSITION DUTIES Develops project plans to meet prescribed objectives, identifies and implements solutions resolving issues to maintain timelines and achieve agreed upon deliverables, serves as liaison between team members and functional area management. Gathers and disseminates information, coordinates activities and resources for assigned projects, monitors risk factors, issues, actions items and progress. Prepares reports for management, participates in project meetings; follows up on deliverables, coordinating potential issues, documenting policies, procedures and communications for the project Qualifications QUALIFICATIONS 3-5 years relevant experience / fundamental knowledge of functional area Ability to work effectively with other team members across the Bank. PC proficiency Project management and quality assurance skills Strong organizational, problem solving and analytical skills Strong verbal and written communication skills At Santander, we value and respect differences in our workforce and strive to increase the diversity of our teams. We actively encourage everyone to apply. Job :Other Targeted Projects Primary Location :Massachusetts-Dorchester Organization :Technology (5900) Schedule :Full-time Job Posting :Aug 6, 2018, 4:53:18 PM