About Us: At the new General Motors, we are passionate aboutdesigning, building and selling the world’s best vehicles. This vision unites us as a team each andevery day and is the hallmark of our customer-driven culture. Making the world’s best vehicle scan onlyhappen with the world’s greatest employees. GM is in the process of reinventingour industry with innovative products like the Chevy Volt and OnStar. Our202,000 employees work in 158 facilities touching six continents, they speak morethan 50 languages and touch 23 time zones. From designing and engineeringstate-of-the-art plants and developing new vehicles and technologies tocreating new marketing programs, our team members are valued for their uniquecontributions. We are seekingindividuals who are looking to make a difference in one of the world’s mosticonic companies. PositionOverview: The GA Matching Scanning Engineer’s primary role isto execute dimensional scanning measurements for the General Assembly (GA)Match Activities, assist with the installation of parts on the ITAC/ETAC and M2body during the match events, identify, document, & resolve dimensional fitissues, and lead the dimensional problem solving activities in the interior orexterior ensuring the vehicle achieves its Dimensional TechnicalSpecifications. KeyResponsibilities: Readiness Confirm match build measurement schedules for the ITAC/ETAC/M2 body &communicate to the team. Execute validation measurements of TACfixtures. Execute measurements of dimensionallycritical interior and exterior parts at suppliers prior to match buildevents. Leverage data to ensure supplier readiness for Matching, elevating issuesas appropriate. Match Event Execution Assist the matching team with the installation and evaluation of GAparts per the build schedules, to ensure readiness for measurement. Execute planned scanning measurements for match build events includingslow builds, layer builds and integration level scans. Identify and document issues per the match build schedule Process standard data and integration reports in a timely manner. Process data to provide deep dive information for specific match buildidentified issues in a timely manner. Review measurement results with Launch team as required during issuedeep dive reviews. Follow-up/Launch Dimensional Issue Resolution Execute interior/exterior dimensional integration/problem solving andsupport the VDQM as needed Ensure all assigned issues are thoroughly root caused using measurementdata. Review measurement results with Launch team and/or part suppliers asrequired to close out issues thru MVBS. Assist the matching team to facilitate the installation and measurementof new/improved parts on ETAC/ITAC and body to validate and close out issues(as the parts become available) Required Skills, Abilities and Education: Knowledge of metrology processes including scanning and CMM Working knowledge of PolyWorks or equivalent metrology software Knowledge of Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerancing (GD &T) &datum strategies Good Dimensional problem solving skills Knowledge of GA parts and GA build strategies Knowledge of BIW closures & fab processes. Dimensional Engineering / Statistical background Good computer skills (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, etc.) Team Center Visualization Mockup to view math files Understanding of the Matching process and the Global DimensionalStrategy Understanding of dimensional metrics (E31, A/B/C/FVS) Ability to work and communicate with a broad range of individuals Ability to travel and live in temporary housing for 3-9 months tosupport matching build events conducted at GM assembly plants in the U.S. Required Education: Engineering degree desired but not required, experience level tocompensate