ResCare Title: HR & Quality Assurance Coordinator Job Category: Quality & Compliance Line of Business: HomeCare Services About ResCare Join us in transforming peoples' lives and their communities! ResCare is a one-of-a-kind human services company offering services for people with intellectual and developmental disabilities, home care for seniors, as well as education, vocational training, and job placement for people of all ages and skill levels. Right now, we have an exciting opportunity for you to join our team as a HR & Quality Assurance Coordinator. About this Line of Business As one of the industry's largest providers, HomeCare services offers care for more than 20,000 individuals across the country. We deliver quality, compassionate and highly individualized in-home care and support that helps seniors stay at home - all while maximizing their dignity, privacy and independence. Whether our clients are recovering from illness, injury or surgery, living with a chronic disability or dealing with the natural process of aging, our services are tailored to meet the individual needs of people of all ages, physical conditions and cognitive abilities. HomeCare services include personal care and homemaking programs, professional nursing, geriatric care management, Alzheimer's/dementia care, respite care and other programs, as well as differentiated offerings in home monitoring with Rest Assured(R) Telecare that help reduce hospital visits and keep people in their homes longer. As a(n) HR & Quality Assurance Coordinator you will: The position provides support to the local branch through assistance with various aspects of employee recruitment, screening, hiring, record keeping and compliance. Performs a variety of administrative duties in support of human resources (HR) efforts, to include processing payroll, maintaining HR Information Systems (HRIS), employee/client records management, local recruiting initiatives/on-boarding, and facilitating new employee orientation. Additionally, performs a variety of clerical and administrative support to the Branch Manager(s), Client Service Supervisor(s), HR Specialist(s), and/or Executive Director(s). Duties include but are not limited to: recruitment, pre-employment screening, employee onboarding, compliance, record keeping and customer service to employees, managers, and visitors. ESSENTIAL JOB RESPONSIBILITIES Assists applicants with the hiring process and ensures completion of each step on the “road to employment” (ex. pre-employment screening, interviewing, job offer, licensure, reference checks, screenings, etc.) Acts as face-to-face applicant support at the branch level Conducts local recruitment activity including pre-screening applicants and outreach to current and former employees regarding available opportunities Represents the local branch in Job Fairs/Hiring Events/Local Staffing Initiatives Maintains up-to-date employment records (personnel, medical/confidential, I-9, WOTC, etc.) Completes data entry in required employment, payroll and scheduling systems (ADP Enterprise, Point of Care, Cornerstone, etc.) Coordinates required training, screenings and certification completions Ensures compliance with Federal, State, & ResCare requirements (initial and annual compliance, ResCare-specific mandates) Conducts periodic/scheduled audits of employee files Conducts suspicion of use screening/facilitate on-site drug alcohol testing Other duties as assigned Position Requirements 1-2 years of office administration experience preferred Excellent organizational and communication (verbal and written) skills Strong technical skills including intermediate or above experience level in MS Office applications Excellent customer service, communication, and interpersonal skills with the ability to maintain positive interaction with employees and customers Education: High school diploma or GED; some college coursework or associates degree preferred. Additional Information Benefits ResCare offers a comprehensive benefits package to full-time employees including medical, dental, vision, paid time off, disability, life, and tuition reimbursement. All employees age 21 and older are eligible to participate in the 401(k) retirement savings plan. ResCare is an Equal Opportunity Employer. ResCare does not discriminate against any person on the basis of gender, race, color, national origin, religion, disability, age, veteran status, gender identity or sexual orientation in admission, treatment, or participation in its programs, services and activities, or in employment, or on the basis of gender in its health programs and activities. 2400 W DUNLAP AVE STE 115 AND 124, PHOENIX, AZ 85021-2813 USA