Are you a recent college grad or about to graduate college? Are you willing to learn new technology and work hard to jump start your career? If so, this is great opportunity for you! Why work at L3 ComCept in Rockwall, TX? ComCept offers… A work location only 30 minutes from the heart of downtown Dallas and 5 minutes from Lake Ray Hubbard Flexible work schedules including every other Friday off An end of year shutdown plus a generous Paid Time Off program A highly competitive base salary which will help pay off those student loans An opportunity to work on a small team A challenging and rewarding development environment An “Employee First” mindset A focus on innovation Your Day-to-Day Responsibilities Include But Are Not Limited To: As an entry level Software Engineer , you will design, develop, document and test challenging machine learning applications or reactive microservices for Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance (ISR) sensor management, multi-INT sensor data processing, and Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS) multi- vehicle Command and Control (C2). It will require an individual with interest in real-time and near real-time streaming data processing and machine learning applications that enable autonomous operations. This effort will involve being creative and innovative in how assets self-organize for collection, processing, and feedback for adaptive decision-making across distributed UAS systems and subsystems. This effort will involve working with a fast moving team, always interested in the best technical solution, and open to new ideas that make the product better for our customers. Qualifications Required Skills and Qualifications: U.S. Citizenship is required The ability to obtain and maintain a DoD security clearance A Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Physics, or Mathematics. A related Degree may be considered Zero to one (0 - 1) year(s) of experience A minimum 3.0 cumulative GPA (Please upload unofficial Transcript when applying and include cumulative GPA) Familiarity with object oriented design and analysis Familiarity with inter-process communication Familiarity with linear algebra Familiarity with software integrated development environments (e.g. Eclipse, NetBeans, Visual Studio, etc.), software unit testing, and software debugging Familiarity with software configuration management tools (e.g.Git, Mercurial, Subversion) Excellent communication skills, including written, oral, and listening Experience working independently or in a small team environment to achieve project goals Desired Skills and Qualifications: Familiarity with networked application development Familiarity with computational statistics Familiarity with machine learning / deep learning tools and techniques (e.g. TensorFlow, PyTorch) Familiarity with internet protocols (IPv4/IPv6, TCP, UDP, HTTP) Familiarity with message oriented middleware (ZeroMQ or Java Messaging Service (JMS) (e.g. ActiveMQ, RabbitMQ)) Familiarity with modeling and simulation and data generation for application testing Familiarity with reactive microservice tools and techniques (e.g. Akka, Lagom, Avro, Google Protobuffers) Only candidates that meet the needed qualifications as outlined above will be contacted for further information. Candidates must be able to obtain/maintain a DoD clearance which requires U.S. Citizenship and must be able to pass additional security background checks as required. About Us : L3 Technologies ComCept specializes in ISR sensor networking, data processing, visualization, advanced analytics, and antenna systems. We are a results driven organization focused the delivery of quality products and services to our customers. We are currently experiencing rapid growth and increasing market share which gives us the ability to provide excellent career advancement potential. Our competitive benefits package includes medical, dental, vision, 401(k) matching, tuition reimbursement, eligibility to work a 9/80 schedule which means you could have every other Friday off, and a generous vacation policy. L3 Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer of Minorities / Females/ Veterans/ Individuals with Disabilities/ Sexual Orientation/ Gender Identity. We maintain a drug-free workplace and perform pre-employment substance abuse testing and background checks. US Security Clearance Required : None Schedule : Full-time Shift : Day - 1st Travel : No Organization : Division - Comcept-20000033 Job Level : Entry Level Job Posting : Aug 9, 2018, 11:53:00 PM Job : Engineering-Hardware/Software