Purpose of the Role: The HSS Specialist will be responsible for helping to drive sales in the Humanities and Social Science higher education markets. While the position involves providing valuable feedback to marketing and editorial teams, the primary focus is on driving sales through active support of sales representatives and managers in the field. The Specialist is expected to travel as needed, especially during the primary selling seasons. Travel also includes regional and national conferences, as well as various training, marketing, and sales events. There is also a significant training component to this position. Responsibilities: SALES Collaborate with sales representatives, sales managers, marketing managers and others to identify and develop key sales targets. Assist in exceeding annual sales goals by working extensively to close priority sales targets. Serve as a key resource for sales presentations and provide training to adopters of our digital products. PRODUCT KNOWLEDGE Develop in-depth product knowledge of the HSS product lines identified as critical to a territory’s success in a given year. Develop in-depth knowledge of competitors’ products in markets that are key to the territory’s growth and success. MARKET DEVELOPMENT, PLANNING, AND GROWTH Work with Publishers, Editors, Marketing Managers, and National Consultants to develop successful strategies designed to gain market share. Communicate and reinforce those strategies at regional and national meetings, and during work trips in the field with sales representatives. Provide ongoing research and feedback on products, trends, and other developments in the field to sales management, marketing and editorial via Trip Reports and consistent usage of the CRM. Assist with the planning and support of national, regional, and local meetings and impact events. Provide leadership, training and support for sales representatives with regards to new company initiatives and products. Skills/Experience Required: A minimum of three years of successful college publishing experience, with demonstrated success in the Humanities and/or Social Science disciplines. Ability to work well both independently and collaboratively with sales management, sales representatives, editors and marketing managers. Excellent interpersonal, communication, presentation, and relationship-building skills. Available to travel extensively and flexibly.