Reporting to the Manager of Q-Suite Production Support, the Software Engineer I for Q-Suite Support will monitor tickets for severity and impact; provide software support for existing Laboratory applications; troubleshoot and analyze problems and requirements; research and design short-term and long-term solutions; monitor issues for trends, and convert tickets to projects when required; develop and execute unit, system, and user acceptance test plans; develop functional and design specifications; manage support tickets and projects to completion. This role will be responsible to continually drive software improvements and ensure seamless support of our customers. JOB RESPONSIBILITIES: Respond to issues in accordance with established Standard Operating Procedures and Service Level Agreements Communicate proactively with Business Units to assess issues and provide periodic status updates, both short-term and long-term Perform assessment analysis to identify scope of problems and escalate recurring issues to management Support Problem Management calls; provide technical skills to research issues as required and participate on escalations and issue resolution teams to address chronic, priority issues Proactively monitor Business Unit error logs and resolve issues as required Analyze issues by performing root cause analysis; research and design short- term and long-term solutions Maintain proficiency in Q-Suite product expertise and serve as an internal consultant in multiple Q-Suite applications and functionalities Keep abreast of the new Quest Diagnostics technologies and organizational impact Demonstrate ability to communicate effectively with all levels, including customers, technical personnel and management. JOB REQUIREMENTS: Education Preferred: BS/BA degree in Computer Science/Information Systems or related field, or equivalent combination of education and work experience Work Experience: 10 years M/Cache development experience 3 to 5 years Customer Service experience Other: Excellent program debugging and proficiency in troubleshooting production issues Excellent interpersonal and communication skills Excellent organizational, time management, customer service, prioritization and multi-tasking skills Excellent knowledge of and proficiency in the software development lifecycle phases, project management, process management and change management Preferred - 10+ years healthcare development experience Preferred – 2+ years Object-oriented development Preferred – Knowledge of Laboratory Information Systems Preferred – Development of software solutions utilizing a variety of programming languages including M/Cache, JAVA, SQL, Angular JS,etc Preferred - BS/BA degree in Computer Science/Information Systems or related field, or equivalent combination of education and work experience Rotational weekend/holiday support on-call as required Day Shift Hours – Slight change in shift hours may be required occasionally to provide adequate overlap of support coverage COMPETENCIES: The successful candidate should demonstrate our core competencies of Focus on Customer Seeks to understand and meet the needs and expectations of customers in a manner that provides customer satisfaction and loyalty. Starts with the customer experience and works backwards to the technology. Familiar with design thinking methodology. Know the Business Uses knowledge of Quest’s key customer groups and needs, markets, business operations, performance trends and emerging issues and digital trends to inform short and longer-term focus. Collaborate with Others Able to work with others to achieve business priorities. Approaches others with a positive attitude toward achieving common goals. Treats others with respect and values the contributions of others. Promotes Strategic Alignment Collects, analyzes and leverages the broader market and competitor trends to set and communicate strategy and ensure alignment of all core business processes. Digital Dexterity Fluent in modern digital technologies such as cloud, mobility, apps, social media and networking, information, and usability. Able to use technologies in unique, highly innovative ways to better serve customers. Adaptability Responds effectively to changing environments. Able to foresee and change before the need to change arises. Keeps pace with relevant, leading edge technology, sees change as an opportunity. Digital Mindset: The candidate should also support our desire to move our HTAS organization to a digital mindset. This should include shifting from a traditional mindset to digital with emphasis on: Innovation Collaboration High Skilled workforce Familiarity with Cloud, Mobile applications Ensuring our users experience is mission critical Supporting Agile and agility within our development and operations. Focus on Customer Seeks to understand and meet the needs and expectations of customers in a manner that provides customer satisfaction and loyalty. Starts with the customer experience and works backwards to the technology. Familiar with design thinking methodology. Know the Business Uses knowledge of Quest’s key customer groups and needs, markets, business operations, performance trends and emerging issues and digital trends to inform short and longer-term focus. Collaborate with Others Able to work with others to achieve business priorities. Approaches others with a positive attitude toward achieving common goals. Treats others with respect and values the contributions of others. Promotes Strategic Alignment Collects, analyzes and leverages the broader market and competitor trends to set and communicate strategy and ensure alignment of all core business processes. Digital Dexterity Fluent in modern digital technologies such as cloud, mobility, apps, social media and networking, information, and usability. Able to use technologies in unique, highly innovative ways to better serve customers. Adaptability Responds effectively to changing environments. Able to foresee and change before the need to change arises. Keeps pace with relevant, leading edge technology, sees change as an opportunity. Digital Mindset: The candidate should also support our desire to move our HTAS organization to a digital mindset. This should include shifting from a traditional mindset to digital with emphasis on: InnovationCollaborationHigh Skilled workforceFamiliarity with Cloud, Mobile applicationsEnsuring our users experience is mission criticalSupporting Agile and agility within our development and operations.