The Logistics Program Manager I establishes, manages, and executes a portfolio of strategic logistics initiatives to continuously enhance safety, service and savings throughout the North American network. The candidate will manage a portfolio of critical projects that would range from ($100K-$1M+) in savings potential. The program manager will identify different options and gain approval and/or support for best alternatives from the Project Sponsor, Deployment Leader, and managers who will be engaged in project implementation. This leader plays a key role in the supply chain organization by working with all functional areas and fostering strong collaborative relationships with Planning, Customer Service, Finance and all Logistics operations leaders. The successful candidate must be a self-directed achiever, a strong leader and an excellent cross-functional collaborator. What You Will Do: Leads/supports Logistics Loss Analysis including development, implementation and tracking of the project pipeline, driving the organization to continuous growth of NSS toward 4% YOY performance. Supports development of organizational culture of continuous improvement, accountability and results by formalizing program & project management methods and building as a core organizational competency. Seeks out and quantifies process-improvement opportunities. Assesses/identifies risk to fulfill the defined objectives Identifies organizational barriers; works with Deployment Leaders, respective functional managers, to recommend and implement solutions. Assesses/critiques resources for projects. Participates in project selection process, determines benefits, recommends resources/team members. Organizes, plans, reviews, & communicates status of projects managed. Trains/mentors project team members in the DMAIC and 7 Step methodologies. Models operational excellence, visibly demonstrating leadership/change management behaviors. Networks with internal/external resources to bring best practices to the projects/organization. Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree 7+ years’ experience in logistics, warehousing, transportation, manufacturing, or other related operational roles 3+ years’ experience managing a portfolio of cross functional projects or programs. Immigration sponsorship not available for this role Preferred Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in Logistics, Operations Management, Engineering, Business or related field MBA or advanced degree Black Belt Certification PMP Certification 3+ years’ Lean or TPM experience Previous experience with TMS. Ability to align logistics & distribution strategies with planning, procurement, order management and manufacturing/production Ability to collect and analyze financial and operational data. Proven ability to drive change and standardize process and procedure. Proven ability to develop and maintain a robust performance culture including the use of KPIs to drive continuous improvement. Strong written and verbal communication