Job Description: Want more than just a job? Join Forever 21’s Corporate team and showcase your skills while working with our exceptional employees! Position: Business Analyst I Department: Operations Reports to: Manager, Business Analysis Direct Reports: No FLSA Status: Non-exempt Location: 3880 N Mission Los Angeles, CA 90031 Job Purpose: Under direct guidance, the Analyst I will be responsible for generating and analyzing customized reports related to the financial and operating data of the retail sector. The Analyst I will provide analytical support for management decisions and strategic retail planning Deliverables: Maintain active databases via SQL and Microsoft Access of key company data in order to ensure the accuracy and relevance of the information feeding into analysis/reporting Generate various established reports evaluating store and employee operating performance against established benchmark metrics Perform competitor and market analysis including geographic, sales, market strategy, and SWOT analysis Collaborate with the Business Analysis team to create and present analysis/project findings to senior analysts and management Research and review annual reports, business publications, and other sources to gather data on existing and potential competitors, market environment, and industry Ad-hoc reporting and analysis as requested by management Knowledge, Skills, and Qualifications: Must have a Bachelor’s degree in Finance, Economics, Statistics, Mathematics or a similar analytical discipline Must have 1-3 years of experience in an Analyst type role. This includes experience in sales forecasting, financial modeling, KPI analysis, etc Experience in the retail/apparel industry a plus Must have intermediate proficiency in Microsoft Excel, including in-cell formulas, pivot tables, basic macros, and other data manipulation and formatting functions Microsoft Access, SQL Server, and Micro Strategy knowledge is strongly desired Excellent critical-thinking skills with the ability to research and analyze data retrieved from multiple sources Demonstrated ability to work in a highly analytical environment and to make decisions based on quantifiable data Must have strong interpersonal and communications skills, including the ability to establish, develop, and maintain key business relationships both within the team and across businesses; Ability to work independently Must have the ability to devise solutions and deliver results in a rapidly dynamic environment Strong organizational skills and successful management of multiple tasks simultaneously At Forever 21, style isn’t dictated…It’s inspired. Forever 21 is the leading fashion retailer of the latest trends and the season’s hottest styles at can’t-resist-prices. U.S. and international locations stay true to the fast-fashion destination’s iconic store aesthetic giving fashion fans all over the globe the unforgettable shopping experience that is the one and only Forever 21. Joining the Forever 21 family means joining an incredible team of talented, passionate and innovative people who work together to bring fashion to everyone, everywhere. We’re always on the lookout for talented individuals eager to thrive in our fast-paced, dynamic environment filled with vast opportunities for career growth and development. This is a place where your ideas become actualized, creativity is encouraged and the possibilities are endless. Be part of something epic. Be part of Forever 21. Apply today! Forever 21 will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories for employment in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring, Ordinance NO. 184652.