_Business Analyst opportunity in Dearborn, Michigan!_ Annual salary range $35-37k Business Analyst Duties and Responsibilities Analyze data and update systems in support of current programs, mid-year or future plan launches for U.S.A, Canada, Export and Growth (E&G) and Mexico. o Implement unique new plans upon request from the business owner; analyze and change vehicle category assignments; maintain system documentation; etc. Process monthly financial audit Process daily activation/inactivation report Verify daily financial components Set up and run batch files Research and resolve system related concerns identified by the hotline or client Responsible for documenting work instructions Maintain system functionality for all special programs. Evaluate unique system exceptions and special requests from the business owner and recommend or implement a solution Identify process improvements and best practices. Complete additional tasks and projects as assigned. Systems Analyst Qualifications Experience writing functional system requirements Experience as a business interface to system developers Experience with developing test cases and executing user acceptance testing Systems Analyst Education High School Diploma required or equivalent. Associates Degree or 2 Years College preferred. Systems Analyst Experience 1-2 years in a position using critical thinking/analytical skills Interfacing with system developers and writing detailed business/system requirements is preferred Developing test cases and executing user acceptance and regression testing is preferred Writing functional system requirements is preferred. Systems Analyst Skills Excellent analytical and troubleshooting skills Excellent written communication skills Ability to effectively communicate with customers, managers, and co-workers. Display professionalism and a positive attitude. Outstanding time management and organizational skills Demonstrated ability to work well with others Demonstrated ability to multitask and prioritize assignments Must be detail oriented Proficient in Microsoft Word and Excel Percepta requires all employees hired in the United States to successfully pass a background check and depending on location and client program a drug test, as a condition of employment. Percepta is an Equal Opportunity Employer.