BlueOptima is the only company providing reliable, objective software development productivity metrics. The technology has been implemented by some of the world’s largest organisations including insurance companies, asset managers, telecoms and nine of the world’s top twelve Universal Banks. This successful product uptake has led to rapid expansion of the company. BlueOptima Inc is the US subsidiary of BlueOptima Ltd. Our US offices are in Midtown, NYC and the HQ is in London, UK. Whom are we looking for? We are looking for analytical individuals with expertise in Data analysis and technical consulting. You will join our growing consultancy team to provide Data analysis and reports for our clients, working closely with stakeholders within client companies and BlueOptima. Given that our product measures the effort teams make as they write software, it would be hypocritical of us not to pay a lot of attention to the work we are putting into our jobs – so the work you do will be highly visible to the whole team. The role includes comprehensive training and development. You can expect to be doing a mix of client projects and ad hoc work – some examples are below – as well as working with the sales team as they deliver executive presentations. Key Responsibilities Liaison between client technical team and BlueOptima development team Designing internal reports for use by management team and client at various tiers Supporting product rollout with front end development Consult with clients on the underlying Coding Effort metric and evangelise its use Data Quality checks / Deep Dives Liaising with backend team on future developments Linking data sets to generate reports Creating / maintaining BI dashboards Producing ad hoc reports Developing new applications / uses for the existing data Produce reports based on BlueOptima Coding Effort data and explain the insight they reveal to senior managers to support decision-making Develop additional applications for the BlueOptima product and data predominantly using R and/or similar statistical tools Qualifications & Experience You will have experience in a consultancy/analytical function. Master’s degree or equivalent in Data Analytical/Mathematical Degree or equivalent expertise in an analytical role. Key Skills Required Strong people skills demonstrated through consultancy or similar experience, e.g. engaging with stakeholders for client companies Experience of project management and designing processes to deliver successful outcomes is desirable Data Analysis & Data Visualisation (via Tableau, Qlikview, SAS BI or similar) Desirable Strong fundamentals in Statistical Analysis R or similar programming experience (e.g. Matlab) Location Your home office will be at BlueOptima’s New York office, in Midtown and the role will require flexibility to temporarily relocate to BlueOptima's client sites in the other US states. Why work for us? You will earn Base salary $55,000 – $65,000 per year as well as performance- based bonuses. Formal and informal training is included and there may be opportunities for international travel to support our global client base. BlueOptima is rapidly acquiring new clients, thus our consultancy team needs to grow. Joining the team at the stage means a strong likelihood of opportunities to manage future consultants as well as contribute your own ideas to the development of the company. How to Apply Our recruitment process comprises three stage to practically test candidates’ abilities: Send your CV, including a paragraph about your suitability for the role. If you are shortlisted, we will ask you to complete a work sample test to assess your programming and statistical competencies, and you will need to complete a short piece of written work. If this work is to a high standard, we will invite you a series of face-to- face interviews. If you’re successful you’ll be invited to interview with your eventual manager.