Control-Tec, an Aptiv company, is a global provider of telematics and analytics solutions serving the transportation industry in the Light-duty, Heavy-duty, Recreational, Agriculture, Locomotive, and Industrial sectors. The CT® solution combines comprehensive data acquisition methods with a powerful edge and cloud computing architecture resulting in an enterprise-class solution for fleet management, product development, connected vehicle and data exchange applications. Control-Tec’s Qualifier platform enables automotive OEMs to possess the speed, flexibility, reliability, cost savings and collaboration needed to successfully develop today’s software centric machines. Since 2008, Control- Tec has supported the development of data solutions that enable robust design, development and validation for powertrain, vehicle, and electrical system domains. This unmatched expertise of both vehicle systems and data analytics uniquely positions Control-Tec to offer our clients the ability to avoid warranty cost, improve product quality, enhance customer experience and optimize an increasingly connected portfolio. Position Summary: The Product Engineer (Web Applications) is a critical member of the team responsible for the design, development, functional verification and production support of a best-in-class automotive telematics and verification tool suite. As a Product Engineer you will work to understand the state of the art in automotive systems, the automotive testing marketplace, and the needs of our application users. You will help design, develop and support novel web- based data analytics solutions allowing our customers to extract maximum value from their automotive test data. Job Responsibilities Gather user feedback and synthesize customer desires into product solutions to be implemented by software engineers. Design and implement new solutions to satisfy customer needs related to powertrain/vehicle system development, validation, and testing. Research, study, and assist in the implementation of innovative methods to collect, present, analyze and report vehicle engineering data and information. Develop and execute structured test plans for verification of prototype software applications. Work alongside with and help train Independent Test & Verification team. Triage, root cause and resolve issues in web-based engineering tools. Conduct engineering tests to analyze the feasibility, design, operation, and performance of equipment, software, and systems. Continue to stay current in training in the latest automotive systems technology. Minimum Requirements Bachelor’s Degree - Automotive, Electrical or Mechanical Engineering, preferred. Experience with web design and user experience design is an asset. Experience with Business Analysis and/or Product Management is a plus. Experience with vehicle diagnostics and automotive communication networks (CAN, LIN, BroadR, etc.) preferred. Knowledge of engine, OBD, transmission or vehicle systems calibration, validation, and development. Strong written and oral communication skills. Strong data analysis capabilities, and ability to work with mathematical concepts such as probability and statistical inference. Ability to see the “big picture” and understand how individual tasks interconnect and impact other parts of the testing process. CONTROLTEC offers a comprehensive and industry leading benefits package. In addition, we provide flexible work schedules, generous time off and an environment that promotes ingenuity and fun! To learn more about our company, our progressive culture and to apply online, visit our website at www.control- tec.com