As part of the Global Sales, Marketing and General and Administrative Staffing Diversity and Inclusion Strategy team, you'll drive our insights and measurement approach to ensure an effective hiring processes across our pipeline development and hiring efforts. You will provide valuable insights, capturing the impact of our operational efforts to ensure we continue to engage with key talent, while building pipeline for Google’s current and future needs. Reporting to the Head of Sales, Marketing and General Administrative Diversity Staffing, you will leverage your collaboration skills, and will partner cross- functionally with our People Operations, Diversity and Inclusion and Staffing Analytics teams to ensure we are measuring impact and aligning narratives on our collective plans and outcomes. As an Insights Analyst, your primary focus will be to ensure we have the knowledge, tools and information our staffers and leaders need to ensure we are representing talent across all aspects of our hiring process, for our clients, and across our Staffing teams. Great just isn't good enough for our People Operations team (you probably know us better as "Human Resources"). Made up of equal parts HR professionals, former consultants and analysts, we're the champions of Google's colorful culture. In People Ops, we "find them, grow them, and keep them" - we bring the world's most innovative people to Google and provide the programs that help them thrive. Whether recruiting the next great Googler, refining our core programs, developing talent or simply looking for ways to inject some more fun into the lives of our Googlers, we bring a data-driven approach that is reinventing the human resources field. Responsibilities Expanding upon multiple data tools currently in use, you will deepen our proactive approach to providing insights across each stage of our pipeline and processes, and conduct a deep dive analysis across our multiple businesses and regions. Developing and sharing key insights into healthy pipelines across all aspects of hiring across Google's Global Business Organization (Sales), Marketing, and General and Administrative. Ensure a collaborative and streamlined approach to reporting and insights, through an explicit connection to our Google People Services Analytics team (e.g. Strategy, Planning, and Analysis). Develop and manage the quarterly and annual data packages for our business leaders and their direct reports. Enable staffing partners to integrate our analysis across their organizations and into their overall staffing reporting and insights reporting; develop an approach to measure the outcomes and impact of our inclusive hiring initiatives. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Business Administration, Computer Science, Economics, Finance, Mathematics, Statistics, related quantitative field, or equivalent practical experience. 3 years of experience working in an analytical role in management consulting, or in a business operations and analytics environment. Experience in analyzing large amounts of data to drive business strategies and decisions. Preferred qualifications: SQL or relevant database experience. Demonstrated experience and passion in the diversity, equity and inclusion hiring space. Knowledge of applicant tracking systems (ATS), recruiting and sourcing techniques. Familiarity with Google’s products. Demonstrated analytical and problem-solving skills with the ability to work with large data sets from varying resources as well as the ability to share analytical insights with audiences across all organizations and levels. Ability to visualize data and trend analysis through tools and presentations combined with the skills to present findings to key partners leveraging both written and verbal communication. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.