Description: Phoenix - AZ, PHX8040, 8040 South 48th Street, 85044 Lance Alan Britton 20180208-970 We believe that , when done right, investing liberates people to create their own destiny. We are driven by our purpose to champion every client’s goals with passion and integrity. We respect and appreciate the diversity of our employees, our clients, and the communities we serve. We challenge conventions strategically to create value for our clients, our firm and the world. We live and bring to life the concept of ‘own your tomorrow’ every day. We champion our employee strengths, guide their development, and invest in their long-term success. We hire optimistic, results-oriented, curious, innovative, and adaptable people with the desire to help our clients and one another succeed. As a company, we were established by Chuck over 40 years ago to champion Main Street over Wall Street, and to help Americans transform themselves from earners to owners. Through advocacy and innovation, we work to make investing more affordable, accessible and understandable for all. As we enter our fifth decade, we are looking for talented, innovative and driven people who believe they can help themselves, and our clients, create a better future. Our Opportunity: Analytics and Business Insight is a department of 150+ team members focused on firm-wide strategic decision support, client behavior diagnostics, advanced analytics, market research, client loyalty, management metrics, and client and prospect data management. Our mission is to help Schwab compete on analytics – in particular, to serve our clients and cultivate their loyalty by understanding their needs and goals better than anyone, and then to make data- driven, strategic decisions. Our services are in heavy demand due to our reputation for accuracy, strong business insight, outstanding productivity, and attention to detail. This Senior Manager, Business Intelligence position is within the Institutional Analytics team that supports Schwab Advisor Services. The role is responsible for delivering measurements, metrics and analytics via ad hoc analysis and business intelligence tools. What you’ll do: Lead efforts in providing business performance visibility leveraging highly scalable, modern business intelligence platforms to drive business results Work directly with business partners to get beyond the initial “ask” to understand the underlying business needs, critical path, and timeline surrounding key goals Work aggressively toward engineering optimal solutions to support both short and longer term priorities, with solutions ranging from traditional to more modern, interactive business intelligence and analytic tools Leverage an analytic mindset in designing ways to visualize results of key trends and insights for informed decision-making Navigate complex and sometimes unstructured data with a goal of delivering high impact business intelligence used by executives across the organization What you have: An undergraduate degree in Engineering, Information Management, Finance, Mathematics or related field Must be able to translate business requirements into SQL "from scratch" without the assistance of a code generating tool and able to understand existing complex SQL Must have hands-on experience developing new dashboards and reports on scalable business intelligence platforms such as Tableau, SAP Business Objects, etc. along with maintaining and enhancing existing artifacts Must be a motivated self-starter who can work independently and seeks out opportunities to work collaboratively with others in an energetic, fast-paced environment Must have the ability to manage concurrent projects at different stages of completion Must be able to explain complicated subject matter to others across the business that are less connected to an initiative and/or are less technically oriented Must be able to work with and through others as well as lead projects in a cross-functional team environment to deliver and achieve results Must have a thorough understanding of relational databases and architecture Must be well practiced in Agile or iterative delivery and comfortable dealing with changing priorities and timelines 10+ years experience as a Systems Analyst, Data Analyst or Business Intelligence Developer 7+ years experience using Teradata, Oracle, and advanced SQL in a large scale data warehouse environment 7+ years creating and maintaining reports, dashboards, self-serve tools, etc. in an automated production environment The following qualifications are preferred; Master’s degree Experience developing dashboards with predictive metrics Programming skills in R or Python What you’ll get: Comprehensive Compensation and Benefits package Financial Health: 401k Match, Employee Stock Purchase Plan, Employee Discounts, Personalized advice, Brokerage discounts Work/Life Balance: Sabbatical, Paid Parental Leave, New Mothers returning to work Program, Tuition Reimbursement Programs, Time off to volunteer, Employee Matching Gifts Program Everyday Wellness: Health and Lifestyle Wellness Rewards, Onsite Fitness Classes, Healthy Food Choices, Wellness Champions Inclusion: Employee Resource Groups, Commitment to diversity, Strategic partnerships Not just a job, but a career, with an opportunity to do the best work of your life Learn more about Life@Schwab. Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer committed to diversifying its workforce. It is Schwab's policy to provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), gender identity or expression, national origin, ancestry, age, disability, legally protected medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, military status, citizenship status or any other status that is protected by law. Schwab also does not discriminate against applicants or employees because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. At Schwab, we believe that every employee, through their diverse abilities and experiences, can contribute to our growth, innovation and client loyalty. We embrace diversity and are committed to providing equal opportunity to all employees and applicants. If you have a disability, and require reasonable accommodations in the application process, call Human Resources at 800-725-3535. We will be happy to assist you. Schwab will only share your accommodation request with those individuals who have a specific need to know. The request for an accommodation will not affect Schwab's hiring decisions. All other submissions should be performed online. Job Specifications Relocation Offered?: No Work Schedule: Days Languages: English - spoken Current Licenses / Certifications: None Relevant Work Experience: IT-Other Specialty Engineering-6+ yrs Position Located In: TX - Westlake Education: BA/BS Job Type: Full Time Category:Marketing Analytics Activation Date: Friday, February 16, 2018 Expiration Date: Saturday, September 15, 2018 Apply Here