Graduation from an accredited high school or equivalent. One (1) year of experience in a similar work environment such as process control, plant operations, construction, or in the operation, repair and maintenance of mechanical or industrial equipment. Thirty (30) semester hours of relevant formal education from an accredited institute may substitute for one (1) year of work experience. Licenses and Certifications Required: Must obtain appropriate TCEQ License as specified by position within one (1) year of employment: Water Treatment Plant or Water Distribution Systems Facility: TCEQ Class D Water Operator License Wastewater Treatment Plant or Wastewater Collection System Facility: TCEQ Class D Wastewater Treatment Plant Operator License or Class I Collection System License Must obtain the appropriate TCEQ Class C Water/Wastewater, Water Distribution or Class II Wastewater Collection System License before Class D License expires. May require a Valid Texas Commercial Driver’s License with endorsements. Valid current Texas Class “C” Driver’s License. Must be able to become certified for Respiratory Protection and Confined-Space Entry Program within six (6) months of employment and maintain certification. Notes to Applicants To learn more about what it means to be a Treatment Operations & Maintenance Technician Associate and the benefits of working for Austin Water, please click here for our informational brochure. This position is responsible for the operations of a water or wastewater treatment plant, as well as the maintenance and repairs of the related equipment. For general information about a career as a Water and Wastewater Treatment Plant System Operator, click HERE Working with Austin Water provides a number of health and welfare benefits, such as medical, paid leave time, a great retirement plan, training opportunities and more – click HERE for more information. Additionally, this position offers a career progression plan, which provides a unique opportunity to promote without having to go through the competitive process. As employees go through on-the-job training to develop new skills and abilities and obtain the appropriate license, they are eligible to submit for Career Progression, which allows them to demonstrate knowledge and skills without having to interview for the promotion. These positions may be filled at the following locations: Lift Stations Various locations Shift: Monday through Friday 7:00 am to 3:00 pm. Hornsby Bend Biosolids Plant 2210 S. FM 973, Austin, TX 78725 Shift: Monday through Friday from 6:00 am to 2:00 pm (Maintenance) OR Sunday through Saturday 6:00 am to 6:00 pm or 6:00 pm to 6:00 am (Operations) South Austin Regional Wastewater Treatment Plant 1017 Fallwell Lane, Austin TX, 78717 Shift: Monday through Friday 6:00 am to 2:00 pm (Maintenance) OR Sunday through Saturday 6:00 am to 6:00 pm or 6:00 pm to 6:00 am (Operations) Walnut Creek Wastewater Treatment Plant 7113 FM 969, Austin, TX 78724 Shift: Monday through Friday 7:00 am to 3:30 pm (Maintenance) OR Sunday through Saturday 6:00 am to 6:00 pm or 6:00 pm to 6:00 am (Operations) Work location and shift assignment for candidates selected will be determined based on business need and is subject to change at management’s discretion. All positions may be required to work weekends, holidays, overtime, callback, and on-call. Technical Licensure: This position requires employees to obtain a Class D Wastewater License from the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality (TCEQ) within one (1) year of employment. TCEQ may restrict granting an occupational license to individuals with certain criminal convictions. To review TCEQ’s criminal conviction guidelines, go online to TCEQ. Driving Requirement: Applicants must be at least 18 years old, hold a current applicable driver’s license, and have no more than six (6) points assessed on Driver Record Evaluation (DRE). Please review the City of Austin Driving Standards to assess your driving record. DRE will be verified through the Department of Public Safety. Job Offer is contingent on having a driving record that meets the City’s Driver Record Evaluation Standards. Confined-Space Entry Requirements: Candidates must be able to work in environments which may have hazardous atmospheres, or in confined spaces where there is limited or restricted means for entry and exit, or where the activities of an employee are hindered. Candidates must be able to qualify for the Utility’s Respiratory Protection Program. Climbing Requirements: Candidates must be able to perform duties with confidence at sites where climbing ladders up to 205 feet is required, and where descending into confined spaces up to 100 feet deep is required. Safety climb equipment such as harnesses are required for climbing. When completing the City of Austin employment application: A detailed, complete employment application helps us to better evaluate your qualifications, and will be used to determine salary if you are selected for this position. Please detail on the application any previous employment that you wish to be considered as part of your qualifications. Provide each job title and employment dates for all jobs included on the application. Your work history should include the duties you performed, any supervisory or lead responsibilities, and any equipment and computer software used. A résumé and cover letter may be submitted, but will not substitute for a complete employment application. If you are selected to interview: Your skill level in General Maintenance, Basic Industrial Math, and Safety in the Workplace will be assessed, with a required minimum passing score of 70%. If you are selected as a top candidate: Verification of your education (which may include high school graduation or GED, undergraduate and/or graduate degrees) will be required. You must provide proof of education from an accredited organization/institution. And are in the military or a veteran, you will need to provide a copy of your DD-214 prior to confirming a start date. Effective October 1, 2014, all Austin Water worksite locations are tobacco- free. Use of tobacco products and/or e-cigarettes is not permitted on any AW worksite – including construction sites, parking lot, garage or in any personal vehicle located on the premises. Pay Range $16.32 – $20.31 per hour Hours See shift information by location in Notes to Applicants. Job Close Date 08/21/2018 Type of Posting External Department Austin Water Utility Regular/Temporary Regular Grant Funded or Pooled Position Not Applicable Category Technical Location Various Locations - See Notes to Applicants Preferred Qualifications Experience operating and performing preventative maintenance, troubleshooting, repair and rebuilding of industrial equipment and machinery Experience working in an industrial setting; which could include treatment plant, oil, gas or refinery, mining, automotive and heavy machinery repair Experience performing facility operation and maintenance tasks related to process control and process optimization Direct experience with lift station operations and maintenance (Lift Stations Only) Training or experience in plumbing or pipefitting Training or experience in welding and metal fabrication Experience using computerized work order system, basic computer navigation skills and ability to learn new software applications TCEQ Class D Wastewater License or higher Duties, Functions and Responsibilities Essential duties and functions, pursuant to the Americans with Disabilities Act, may include the following. Other related duties may be assigned. Drives personal and/or City of Austin vehicles on official business and must maintain a driver record that meets the City of Austin’s standards. Assist with process control tasks such as basic flow control, sampling, basic laboratory testing, normal operations of pumps and blowers, and adjusting chemical feeds. Assist with preventative maintenance tasks such as lubrication, changing equipment oil/fluids, installing packing, bearings, and seals. Assist with predictive and corrective maintenance on specialized equipment such as pumps, blowers, clarifiers, and valves. Assist with routine rounds of the facilities to monitor treatment process and identify process anomalies or mechanical problems with plant equipment. Monitor data from SCADA systems and computerized control systems, instrument panels, and gauges in order to make basic process changes as directed. Maintain plant operations and maintenance records using log books, databases, and spreadsheets. Progress through classroom and on-the-job training required to qualify for appropriate TCEQ water/wastewater treatment licensure. Safely perform operations and maintenance tasks including confined spaces and hazardous environments. Perform maintenance tasks in confined spaces up to 100 feet deep and requiring the use of SRL Body Harness that supports up to 283 pounds. Perform maintenance tasks that require climbing to heights of up to 200 feet on ladder that support up to 300 lbs. Perform maintenance tasks that require lifting and/or carrying equipment or supplies weighing up to 50 lbs. unassisted. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Must possess required knowledge, skills, abilities and experience and be able to explain and demonstrate, with or without reasonable accommodations, that the essential functions of the job can be performed. Knowledge of general maintenance processes and procedures. Knowledge of basic math, including addition, subtraction, multiplication and division of whole numbers, decimalized numbers, fractions and percents. Skill in using computers and related software. Skill at using hand tools and power tools. Skill at operating a motor vehicle and motorized equipment. Ability to work in environments which may have hazardous atmospheres. Ability to climb ladders and work at heights of up to 200 feet. Ability to work in confined spaces where there is limited or restricted means for entry and exit, or where the work activities may be hindered. Ability to safely wear Anti-fall (SRL) body harness for confined space entry that supports up to 283 lbs. Ability to walk, stand, sit, bend, stoop, twist, push, pull, climb, kneel, crawl, and lift/carry up to 50 lbs. unassisted. Ability to follow written and verbal instructions. Ability to read and follow technical guidelines and standard operating procedures. Ability to take simple readings from meters, gauges, control panels, and testing and monitoring equipment. Does this job require a criminal background investigation? This position does not require a criminal background investigation EEO/ADA City of Austin is committed to compliance with the American Disabilities Act. If you require reasonable accommodation during the application process or have a question regarding an essential job function, please call (512) 974-3210 or TTY (512) 974-2445. The City of Austin will not discriminate against any applicant or employee based on race, creed, color, national origin, sex, gender identity, age, religion, veteran status, disability, or sexual orientation. In addition, the City will not discriminate in employment decisions on the basis of an individual’s AIDS, AIDS Related Complex, or HIV status; nor will the City discriminate against individuals who are perceived to be at risk of HIV infection, or who associate with individuals who are believed to be at risk. Information For City Employees: If you are an employee within the department, are in good standing and meet both the minimum and preferred qualifications, then you will receive an initial interview.