WHY ROBLOX? Roblox’s Imagination Platform is ushering in the next generation of entertainment, enabling kids of all ages to imagine, create, and play together in immersive 3D worlds. Powered by a global community of millions of developers and creators, Roblox allows anyone to build, publish, and monetize any experience imaginable. comScore ranks Roblox as one of the top online entertainment platforms for audiences under the age of 18 based on average monthly visits and time spent. In addition, Roblox has been named one of America’s Fastest-Growing Private Companies on the Inc. 5000 for the past two consecutive years. Work with the most passionate, team-oriented, visionary, crazy-smart people you’ll ever meet. As a Data Analyst, you will be a key participant in helping our finance team shape the future of Roblox. You’ll partner with leaders across the company to better understand our players and builders, performing ad-hoc analysis, creating dashboards, defining KPI’s, and applying models. You Are: Experienced in Corporate FP&A;, Financial Reporting, or Investor Relations with a strong background in excel. Passionate about data: Continuously learning new techniques and tools to extract value from data. You have a degree in Statistics, Economics, Computer Science or other relevant fields. A strong communicator: You understand that analysts must be able to present their findings in meaningful ways and engage in spirited discussions about the findings. A capable statistician: You understand the value of characterizing data by its distribution. Covariance, Bias, and Conditional Probability are concepts that you rely on every day. An expert with SQL: Querying an RDBMS is like breathing for you Strongly motivated to become proficient in the state-of-the-art tool set for accessing and crunching massive volumes of data. Experienced in developing models to draw insights from data. You will use regression techniques, data mining, and statistical techniques to create new, scalable solutions to solve difficult business problems. Uncomfortable with high-level commercial tools that limit your access to data and that constraint what you can do with it. You prefer the low-level open-source stack of the expert--eg, R over SAS, Excel, or Tableau. Relentlessly curious. You Will: Accelerate product development through your understanding of the underlying data and your ability to partner with Finance, Product and technical leaders to provide insights that drive growth. Access raw data, and then transform it, analyze it, and render it in a compelling way--all using a custom analytics toolkit built from state-of-the-art open-source libraries. Encode your work in dynamic dashboards and publish them to your internal customers. Influence how Roblox interacts with its players and its platform developers Acquire new skills and refine the ones you have in twice-weekly Team workshops You'll Love: Excellent medical, dental, and vision coverage A rewarding 401k program Flexible vacation policy Free catered lunches five times a week and several fully stocked kitchens with unlimited snacks Onsite fitness center and fitness program credit Annual CalTrain Go Pass A super-cool Roblox Admin badge for your avatar Rock star status with our community Roblox – Powering Imagination. [ID981] LI-CT1