Requisition ID: 191683 Work Area: Software-Design and Development Expected Travel: 0% Career Status: Professional Employment Type: Regular Full Time Original Posting Date: July 31, 2018 COMPANY DESCRIPTION SAP started in 1972 as a team of five colleagues with a desire to do something new. Together, they changed enterprise software and reinvented how business was done. Today, as a market leader in enterprise application software, we remain true to our roots. That’s why we engineer solutions to fuel innovation, foster equality and spread opportunity for our employees and customers across borders and cultures. SAP values the entrepreneurial spirit, fostering creativity and building lasting relationships with our employees. We know that a diverse and inclusive workforce keeps us competitive and provides opportunities for all. We believe that together we can transform industries, grow economics, lift up societies and sustain our environment. Because it’s the best-run businesses that make the world run better and improve people’s lives. Location: Palo Alto, CA Purpose and Objective: SAP Labs, LLC seeks a Data Scientist at our Palo Alto, CA office location to work in customer projects execute the mathematical modeling of our customers' business problems, develop algorithms, data mining flows and applications to solve these problems, and help our customers directly to understand and implement the results of the analysis. Expectations and Tasks: Work directly with industry experts and technology experts to translate our customers' business needs into mathematical models and present and deliver a solution to the client. Work in development integrate or implement data mining/ mathematical methods into products. Responsible for evaluating and testing data mining methods and maintain a high level of quality. Work closely with the senior data scientist to prototype new innovations and eventually get them into the product. Contribute to data definitions, data storage infrastructure for data mining purposes and to Data Mining architectures. Resolve data mining performance issues and monitors data mining system performance and implement efficiency improvements. Implement data mining algorithms if required. Work closely with product management, application developers, information developers and end users. Work in research projects perform functional and empirical analysis on data mining topics. Conduct research on data mining tools and algorithms, implement prototypes and data mining algorithms and validates them on real data. Contribute to best practices for data mining topics and collaborates with development, universities and research institutes. Education and Qualifications/Skills and Competencies: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Management, Data Science, Analytics or related field of study and 5 years of experience required. The company will also accept a Master's degree and 2 years of experience. Work Experience: Experience must involve two years in the following: Develop state-of-the-art enterprise solutions leverage learning and machine learning; Data-driven, full-stack software product engineering; Develop machine learning models at an enterprise scale; Translate recent progress in research and academia in the area of Machine Learning into enterprise software solutions; Data mining and feature engineering for customer data; Optimization of business processes and decisions by leveraging machine learning. Development of big data visualizations; Backend and frontend integration of cloud software solutions. Travel: 0% WHAT YOU GET FROM US Success is what you make it. At SAP, we help you make it your own. A career at SAP can open many doors for you. If you’re searching for a company that’s dedicated to your ideas and individual growth, recognizes you for your unique contributions, fills you with a strong sense of purpose, and provides a fun, flexible and inclusive work environment – apply now. SAP'S DIVERSITY COMMITMENT To harness the power of innovation, SAP invests in the development of its diverse employees. We aspire to leverage the qualities and appreciate the unique competencies that each person brings to the company. SAP is committed to the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity and to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team. (Americas:Careers.NorthAmerica@sap.com or Careers.LatinAmerica@sap.com, APJ: Careers.APJ@sap.com, EMEA: Careers@sap.com). Requests for reasonable accommodation will be considered on a case-by-case basis. Successful candidates might be required to undergo a background verification with an external vendor. EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability: Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their age, race, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status or disability. Successful candidates might be required to undergo a background verification with an external vendor. Additional Locations: