At Virtual Radiologic (vRad) you make a difference. Your skills, energy, and passion for results drive us to achieve strategic growth objectives and deliver quality patient care across the United States. Virtual Radiologic is a national radiology practice and leader in the development of radiologist workflow technology. The dedication of vRad team members enables us to sustain our unique market-leading position and to provide the best quality and service to our customers and the patients we jointly serve. vRad team members exhibit energy and a passion for service excellence in our casually professional and collaborative work environment. We continually reward team members who embrace our fast-paced culture and who go the extra mile for our customers with internal recognition programs. At vRad you make a difference. WE ARE CURRENTLY LOOKING FOR A SOFTWARE ENGINEER. Are you a full stack software engineer looking to work on a fast-paced development team and interested in Machine Learning? Join the vRad software team to help build data annotation and validation workflows, tooling and workflows for processing images, and deep learning technologies to use machine learning in the field of Radiology. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Develop software within a team environment supporting a rapidly growing information technology intensive business Develop software for data annotation and validation processes for vRad’s Artificial Intelligence in medical imaging Collaborate with Data Scientist to build tools for neural networks and other machine learning algorithms Review, analyze, and evaluate business and user needs and translate into software systems specifications Participate in estimating, planning, and scheduling software development tasks Participate in the design of software systems, user interfaces, web services, processing algorithms, communications methods, and other major components Develop software in C, HTML, JavaScript, and SQL using standard coding practices Perform unit, integration, and system level software testing Assist SQA with integration and system level software testing Participate in code reviews Provide technical support to project team members, business users, and management Perform performance tuning of software and database systems Analyze and recommend performance and functionality improvements for databases Sole ownership of small projects including detailed design, development effort, and timeline Other activities as directed by management Qualifications/Education: Bachelor’s Degree in a related field or 3-8 years of directly related experience Experience developing software using Agile methodologies preferred Experience with C highly preferred (C++ or Java are acceptable) Experience with Microsoft SQL preferred (Oracle or other relational databases are acceptable) Experience with Data Analytics a plus Experience with NUnit testing framework preferred (Other frameworks are acceptable) Experience with Microsoft Visual Studio preferred Experience with Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio preferred Experience with medical imaging a plus Experience with or interest in convolutional neural networks a plus Experience with Python a plus Strong communication skills, written and verbal Self-motivated and able to work on a team on independently defined tasks Demonstrated experience in full lifecycle development or major enhancement of object oriented software applications using relational databases Experience with highly available production software applications preferred ABOUT VIRTUAL RADIOLOGIC Virtual Radiologic Corporation (vRad) is a technology-enabled national radiology practice working in partnership with local radiologists and hospitals to optimize radiology’s pivotal role in patient care. vRad’s more than 350+ radiologists serve 2100+ facilities, reading 5 million studies annually. Delivering access to extensive subspecialty coverage, vRad contributes to improved quality of patient care. And with its next-generation technology, vRad enhances productivity, helping to lower the overall cost of care while expediting time to diagnosis and treatment. For more information, visit www.vrad.com. All offers are contingent on a criminal background check. Virtual Radiologic is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status. No calls or agencies, please.