Provide technical assistance to computer system users. Answer questions or resolve computer problems for clients in person, via telephone or from remote location. May provide assistance concerning the use of computer hardware and software, including printing, word processing, electronic mail, web browsers, and operating systems. Exclude network administrators. Performs major diagnostics and troubleshooting on personal computers and all related equipment, including software, modems, printers, color/monochrome monitors, tape backup units, and memory expansion. Trains staff in the use of COTS computer software and all network system applications. Installs and configures PC, local area network operating systems, and network application software as needed. Provides customer and technical support through analysis and problem solving to facilitate installation, implementation, maintenance, education, and documentation of a variety of technologies. Provides the design, documentation, development, modification, testing, installation, implementation, and support of new or existing applications software. Provides plans, installation, configuration, testing, implementation, and management of the systems environment in support of the organizational IT architecture and business needs. Provides configuration, installation, implementation, integration, maintenance, and/or management of networked systems used for the transmission of information in voice, data, and/or video formats. Provides planning and coordinating the installation, testing, operation, troubleshooting, and maintenance of hardware and software systems. Provides customer support services, including installation, configuration, troubleshooting, customer assistance, and/or training, in response to customer requirements.Prepares accurate and timely input for acquisition and maintenance of computer equipment. Evaluates vendor developed software to ensure subject matter requirements can be accommodated. Review installation work performed by contractors and user personnel to ensure standards are met. Provides customer assistance so that users have few major disruptions. QUALIFICATIONS: Knowledge skills and abilities to provide expertise, centralized management and program support. Ability to perform tests, troubleshoot and correct program discrepancies. Able to prepare recommendations and reports on computer techniques and programs. Must complete A+ certification within 6 months of hire. Training as deemed necessary by supervisor. Must be able to satisfactorily complete a NACI. _This is a designated drug testing position. The incumbent will be subject to random testing for drug use._ BENEFITS: Regular Employment: Guaranteed a minimum of (35) hours to a maximum of (40) forty hours per week. Eligible for leave, retirement, 401 (K), health and life insurance. All Non-appropriated Fund employees are eligible to use the fitness center, golf course, bowling center, clubs, swimming pools and other facilities Applicant's application and/or resume must reflect required qualifications. You are responsible for uploading any documentation that supports your preference claim, experience, and/or educational background. We are not responsible for employment ineligibilities based on missing information or lack of documentation. Be sure to upload the following requirements if claiming a preference. POSSIBLE DOCUMENTS FOR UPLOADING: If claiming Military Spouse Preference (MSP) - PCS Orders If claiming Veterans Preference - DD 214 Member Copy 4 If on Leave Without Pay - AF Form 2545 or DA 3434 Additional Requirements: _All Federal NAF employees are required by PL 104-134 to have salary payments made by electronic funds transfer/direct deposit._ _Any individual who was required to register with Selective Service and who is not registered or knowingly and willfully did not register before the requirement terminated or became inapplicable, will not be appointed._ _NONMERIT FACTORS_ _: Selection will be made without regard to non-merit factors such as race, color, religion, sex, national origin, marital status, age, politics, disability, or sexual orientation, which do not relate to successful performance of the duties of the position except where specifically authorized by law._ NOTE: For current appropriated fund (APF) employees, portability pay setting rules apply (REF:AFMAN 34-310, NAF Personnel Program Management and Administration Procedures, para 13.6.2.2).