The person in this role will primarily be working in a Research and Development role, leading the efforts on innovative statistical outcomes analysis for linked Real-World Data (EHR, claims data, etc.) and patient- reported outcomes from surveys. While being responsible for the effort, this role will also be very hands-on, working directly with the linked data. In the future, t his role will also be performing Predictive Analytics using the data. KEY OUTCOMES Ingest and organize Real-World Data and survey data for longitudinal analysis. All of these data have been linked at the patient-level. Perform linked data studies, based on requests from internal or external clients, as well as new ideas that you generate. Support sales efforts for the linked data with pharmaceutical clients, both researchers and statisticians. Consult with research and operational teams during study development phase to ensure efficient design of the resulting databases Consult with research teams in the drafting of statistical analysis plans Be fully responsible for end results and studies. Publish these studies as posters for research conferences or in peer-reviewed journals. Oversee data cleaning and data management of existing and acquired datasets In the future, perform predictive analysis on the data using Machine Learning techniques. CAPABILITIES Master’s degree in statistics, computer science or a related field required. 5+ years of direct working experience in the healthcare field preferred. Working experience with Real-World Data, especially Electronic Health Records (EHR) and/or medical claims. Knowledge of and experience working with statistics including, but not limited to, regression techniques (OLS, logistic regression, generalized linear models), mixed models, non-parametric approaches, and data reduction techniques Advanced ability to program in either SAS and R (working or advanced knowledge in one or both is highly desirable) Strong ability to work independently and lead small R&D teams in innovative new areas Knowledge of missing data approaches (e.g., multiple imputation) and experience using sample weights in analysis is desirable Knowledge of Predictive Analytics and Machine Learning techniques is desired, but not required. Must be an independent and creative worker, who can find and suggest new studies and approaches to performing studies.