Job Summary Under general guidance, is responsible for conducting research of intermediate complexity on existing processes, systems, hardware deployment and desired objectives to develop detailed systems specifications for all or part of assigned projects. This position examines, in detail, existing manual and automated processes, documentation and training requirements, and the capacities and limitations of existing, or proposed hardware in order to develop effective specifications in a formal and structured way. Implements activities that generally impact discrete components / processes of the work of own unit / team / projects. Receives work in the form of short-term assignments that often require the application of independent judgment. Operates within the context of defined procedures. Job Responsibilities Participates in gathering and analyzing of internal business requirements by means of interviews, workflow analyses and facilitated discussions with users. Translates users' business requirements into detailed functional designs for development, testing and implementation. Applies methodologies such as Unified Modeling Language ("UML") and Rational Unified Process ("RUP") and prepares detailed specifications using case statements and related documentation. Participates in managing the scope of applications and related changes. Identifies and communicates risks and issues impacting business rules, functional requirements and specifications. Assists quality assurance with functional test case reviews. Collaborates with stakeholders on the evaluation of the feasibility, effort and costs to implement requirements. Assists with creating training materials and may assist with user orientation and training. Interacts with internal and external peers and/or managers to exchange semi-complex information related to assigned activities. Effectively resolves problems and roadblocks as they occur. May mentor less experienced members of the team. Walgreens, one of the nation's largest drugstore chains, is included in the Retail Pharmacy USA Division of Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc., the first global pharmacy-led, health and wellbeing enterprise. More than 10 million customers interact with Walgreens each day in communities across America, using the most convenient, multichannel access to consumer goods and services and trusted, cost-effective pharmacy, health and wellness services and advice. Walgreens operates 8,175 drugstores with a presence in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. Walgreens omnichannel business includes Walgreens.com . Approximately 400 Walgreens stores offer Healthcare Clinic or other provider retail clinic services. As the neighborhood drugstore and retailer, our goal is to make health and happiness simpler, easier and within reach. And we remain a trusted wellness provider offering convenient access to important health services, such as immunizations and an array of pharmacy services that can help patients improve their health. To our team members, Walgreens represents a unique opportunity to excel in their careers in a welcoming and inclusive environment. We offer the chance to work in a truly supportive environment, and be a part of a progressive organization dedicated to the well-being of our customers, team members and the communities we all call home. Bachelor’s Degree and at least 1 years of experience gathering/documenting requirements, modeling and providing general client/IT liaison support OR a High School Diploma/GED and at least 4 years of experience gathering/documenting requirements, modeling and providing general client/IT liaison support. Experience with technical design process and models. Experience with requirements specification and development, such as process/functional requirements definition methods, JAD/RAD sessions, use case development, process flow diagrams. Knowledge of SDLC / SW development processes, such as Unified Modeling Language ("UML") and / or Rational Unified Process ("RUP"), Agile, Waterfall). Experience using consulting skills and developing client relationships. Experience using analytical skills, tools and techniques to investigate information and to draw conclusions. Willing to travel up to 10% of the time for business purposes (within state and out of state). Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Mathematics. Master's Degree or MBA. Experience with SDLC / SW development processes, such as Unified Modeling Language ("UML") and / or Rational Unified Process ("RUP"), Agile, Waterfall). Experience in identifying operational issues and recommending and implementing strategies to resolve problems. Experience in Merchandising, Supply Chain and Analytics