Business Analyst IV - Research Division - 256565 Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis Primary Location MN-Minneapolis Full-time / Part-time Full-time Employee Status Regular Overtime Status Exempt Travel Yes, 10 % of the Time Shift Day Job Job Sensitivity Tier II - No Credit Check One of the primary roles of the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis as part of the Federal Reserve System, the nation's central bank, is to contribute to the System’s mandated goals of price stability and maximum employment. The key missions of the Research Division are to support the Bank’s President in monetary policy and to conduct high quality economic research. The Division is composed of three research departments – Research, Opportunity and Inclusive Growth Institute, and Economic Analysis. They share their expertise with academia and policy makers through presentations, conferences, and publications. The analyst will be involved with operations, budget, academic programs, projects, and special assignments. The Division is looking for someone who can maintain a professional demeanor, easily handling simultaneous requests in a fast paced atmosphere. The position will interface with all levels of management, administrative staff, and visiting economists. Essential Functions: Researches, selects, and compiles business data from multiple sources. Identifies data sources and verifies accuracy of data. Performs routine to highly complex data analysis to produce business information used to support decision-making. Performs expense processing; creates balancing tools and processes for department operations; and reviews transactions for academic programs. Assists others and provides work direction to other administrative staff. Analyzes business functions and operational process improvements and/or enhancements. Tests, trains, and completes implementations, which may include coordinating activities such as developing plans, completing risk assessments, delegating work assignments, monitoring and reporting progress, and preparing necessary communications for a variety of audiences, including senior management. Prepares and/or revises communications, including proposals, reports, and presentations for all levels of Research management. Leads and/or coordinates complex projects related to operations improvements, business budget processes, project analysis, and/or other special projects. Serves as highest level project consultant and/or analytic support to senior leaders. Maintains a high level of knowledge of technical, operational, and/or policy issues. Monitors and verifies compliance with applicable new and existing policies, procedures, and standards. Provides advanced analytic support and serves as a contact, subject matter expert and/or liaison for Department, Bank, FRS and/or federal agency staff and management in resolving the most complex problems. Designs and implements effective solutions to business problems. Performs other duties as assigned. Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in Accounting, Finance, Business Administration or related field, or an equivalent combination of education and experience. MBA or professional certification is preferred. Minimum of 6 years of experience required. Requires sound business judgment and independent decision-making skills. Must be a highly-motivated team player with strong communication and problem solving skills. Strong finance, analysis, project and time management skills, and proficiency with Microsoft Office. Experience with Bank budget and accounting tools is preferred. Demonstrates compliance and financial acumen, can-do attitude, and works collaboratively to get work done. Understanding the role of Bank compliance and policies in tandem with customer service is highly valued. Ability to combine a big picture perspective with attention to detail. Relates comfortably with people across levels, functions, culture, and geography. Ability to troubleshoot and creatively resolve problems with minimal supervision.