We are looking for a charismatic, proactive team leader in the Service Provider Network Automation and Analytics organization who is a problem-solver and understands how to frame priorities and solutions within the context of evolving customer requirements. The Automation and Analytics Group includes the automation product portfolio comprising software and cloud-based products and services. This critical role on the product management team will help further elevate Cisco’s differentiated and innovative software and cloud-based offerings within the operator community. This is a customer-facing role that will be responsible for refining the strategy and winning mindshare with customers around the best methodologies for automating network operations. Priorities include assessments of a customer’s current phase of their automation journey and establishing customized roadmaps to help them achieve their operational goals with the necessary Cisco product components. This person will also work directly with Product leadership and development teams to help ensure that the product strategy remains aligned to achieving customer goals. Additionally, this leader will work with our advanced services organization to ensure we have a holistic approach towards enabling our customer outcomes with market leading products and advanced services. This is an influencer role requiring a resilient, proactive, and thoughtful leader who can build relationships externally and boundary span internally to accomplish measurable OKRs. What you will be doing: Help shape the strategy and roadmap for next generation product features, define outcomes by translating industry experience into product definition and articulate to a broad audience of stakeholders. Creative with problem solving and flexible in thinking, putting knowledge to use to implement capabilities across the portfolio ensuring a comprehensive solution. Champion technologies, use a marketing mindset grounded with a business focus on the monetization of software through the creation of customer value.