Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. The Client Solutions Manager for Facebook’s Global Marketing Solutions team is a strategic and enthusiastic solution-driver who puts our customers at the core of everything we do. This is an outstanding opportunity to build and manage key client relationships, be a platform and product expert, and become an expert in media planning, strategy and measurement to our Fortune 1000, multi-channel advertisers. With proven understanding of both online and traditional media, this role is responsible for partnering with the sales team to develop industry-specific relationships, drive revenue by negotiating and optimizing complex opportunities, and use data and analytics to build a consultative solution for our customers. The Client Solutions Manager will establish and strengthen key client relationships with a focus on driving revenue, advertiser education & advertiser satisfaction. Success in this position requires strong consultative sales and analytical skills, a focus on client service, and the ability to thrive in a dynamic, team-focused environment delivering against tight deadlines. RESPONSIBILITIES Act as a Marketing Solutions Expert In partnership with Client Partner, identify, create, and implement marketing solutions grounded on achieving measurable business results for our partners Serve as external product consultant educating clients and agencies on product solutions and best practices, and ultimately grow existing business partnership Analyze data and insights to guide strategy and implementation of Facebook solutions Relationship Management Build and manage relationships with key clients and agency partners (media, creative, marketing partners, etc.) Work and collaborate with diverse group of internal cross-functional teams Media & Measurement Strategy and Implementation Guide media and creative strategy, planning, and implementation of campaigns to deliver against Key Performance Indicators Outline and oversee measurement strategy, tracking, and results delivery Identify optimization opportunities for improving performance Project Management and Internal Operations Project manage complex work streams Oversee internal account operations (e.g. troubleshooting issues, account set up, etc.) MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Demonstrated experience with digital media platforms, advertising metrics, and industry trends (Direct Response marketing, data and technology solutions, ad- tech, partnerships) Experience with Excel, experience with analyzing datasets and delivering insights Demonstrated experience with problem solving and decision making skills Experience working with cross -functional teams with the ability to influence c-level executives Demonstrated track record of delivering on quota Demonstrated experience to present ideas Ability to travel as needed PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Knowledge of SQL, relational databases, and/or statistical packages such as R, SAS, SPSS Experience as a Facebook user and knowledge of Facebook’s ad products BA/BS degree in a technical or marketing field