Job Summary HomeServices of America, a Berkshire Hathaway affiliate, is growing! We are hiring a data team and looking to fill a number of roles in the Data Science, Salesforce Administration, and Business Analyst arenas. We are a mission-driven organization that believes home-ownership is transformative in people's lives, and we want to create technology solutions that enable millions of more people to gain access to home ownership. Our mission, our market position, our team and the technical challenges we are solving make our team one of the hottest innovation centers and an all-around excellent place to work. We are building out a new business intelligence and data science team that will create an incredible real estate customer experience. In this role, you'll be an early hire on a new team getting to make a real impact by solving complex business problems through customer data and lean analytics. Who you are We want leaders who are looking for a challenging and rewarding experience. We know that to tackle the toughest challenges that people face around home ownership, we need different approaches, unique perspectives, and new ways of thinking. We are building a team of creative problem-solvers from many different backgrounds. You're an experienced data geek who wants to drive impact while staying abreast of cutting-edge data application and thrives in a fast-paced startup environment. You're given will be the support and freedom to succeed while working to embed data into the core of what we do – this is not a sideline kind of job! You will be working in fast-paced and iterative cross-functional teams built around the Lean Startup methodology. You are an excellent communicator and know how to ask the right questions. Above all, you want to create something that fundamentally changes the lives of people for the better. What Our Team will do: Build data pipelines to pull together information from different source systems; integrating, consolidating and cleansing data; and structuring it for use in individual analytics applications Design and create customized Salesforce objects - reports and dashboards (i.e., pipeline management and forecasting) that drive informed business decisions Analyze data to determine the cause and provide quantitative answers to questions posed by leadership through meaningful data visualization Design, develop and fine tune published dashboards and reporting Automate data mining, analysis, and reporting to the extent possible and when doing so is a benefit Recommend and drive ongoing improvements in reporting processes, procedures, and functionality Build and implement machine learning models to make timely decisions. Identify opportunities to use data to drive enhanced business decision making and promote a data-driven culture Stay abreast of updates and new releases in CRM technologies Educate end-users on CRM function About you: Across our team, we are looking for a mixture of skills – analyst, statistician, scientist, machine learning expert and data and Salesforce engineers. Above all, we are looking for hungry, humble and smart team members and will consider applicants with any combination of the skills. We anticipate making hirers at various levels from four years' experience to those looking for senior roles. Experience working experience with programming languages, especially for data manipulation (e.g., SQL, Python, R, etc.) Experience with Periscope Data or equivalent tool (Tableau, etc.) to create impactful reports, visualizations, and interactive dashboards Distinctive problem solving and analysis skills, ability to solve complex and diverse business problems (commercial, operational, organizational) Demonstrate leadership to gain respect across functions/teams Excellent understanding of computer science fundamentals, data structures, and algorithms. Tech-savvy with interest in the product and strong analytical problem-solving skills Experience with an online CRM/SalesForce preferred – ability to create and maintain objects Proficiency with Google G Suite (Gmail, Sheets, Docs, Hangouts, etc.) or Microsoft Office Project management skills and experience with process evaluation and design (lean principles) Excellent written and oral communication skills Client service mentality, adaptability, and willingness to collaborate openly with other functions Experience with fast-paced, sales-force driven business model