Manager II - Director of Quality Assurance The Director of Quality Assurance performs highly advanced and supervisory consultative work requiring specialized knowledge in the planning, development, implementation, and monitoring of quality assurance systems. This position interprets regulations/standards, develops policy, performs advanced consultative services to program staff, and coordinates a comprehensive system of implementing and reporting quality enhancement efforts. This position reports directly to the Director and may serve in the role of CEO of the facility in the absence of the Director. This position is expected to work under general direction with extensive latitude for independent judgment, initiative, and professional expertise. This position also serves duty rotation and extended work hours may be expected. Essential Job Functions: Attends work on a regular basis and may be required to work a specific shift schedule or, at times, even a rotating schedule, extended shift and/or overtime in accordance with agency leave policy and performs other duties as assigned. Assures a system is maintained to effectively assess service delivery and compliance with DADS policies and procedures and ICF/MR conditions of participation, including analyzing and evaluating program operations, procedures, and systems and recommending modifications for improvements. Analyzes data from multiple sources for trends, systemic issues, and areas for improvement, including verifying accuracy of data. Coordinating all ICF/ID survey/ monitoring activities, coordinating and developing plans of correction, overseeing the facility response to deficiency reports and plans of improvement, SMRF/Facility Plan of Improvement, and all other facility monitoring reviews. Planning, assigning, and supervising the work of employees in the Quality Assurance, Client Records, and Data Analysis departments, including assuring that staff completes required training, and ensuring a system is implemented to assure ongoing feedback to employees relative to job performance and that adequate documentation is maintained. Assures the development and approval of local policies as needed that reflect standards, rules, laws, and agency policies. Assures all systems are implemented for data and records management. Developing and implementing ICF/ID-related training for all employees. Ensures facility has policies and procedures to direct the operation of the facility. Serving as a member of the Director's Executive Committee, QA/QI, and other committees as assigned. Responds to requests from DADS Management in a timely manner. Other duties as assigned include but are not limited to actively participating and/or serving in a supporting role to meet the agency’s obligations for disaster response and/or recovery or Continuity of Operations (COOP) activation. Such participation may require an alternate shift pattern assignment and/or location. Knowledge Skills Abilities: Must have knowledge of: ICF/ID Standards, interpretive guidelines and survey process. HHSC/DADS policies. Person-Centered Planning processes. Training strategies for persons with developmental disabilities. Root Cause Analysis in determining improvement strategies for managing unusual incidents. Must have the ability to: Develop written policies/guidelines in directing the facility toward compliance to applicable standards. Gather, assemble, and correlate data for trending analysis resulting in programs that improve operations. Coordinate group processes to functional outcomes. Produce concise reports and present in written and oral formats. Must have skills in: Computer use and applicable software applications. Motivating all levels of staff and facilitating change. Planning, assigning, and supervising work of others. Registration or Licensure Requirements: n/a Initial Selection Criteria: Bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or university with a major in related field, plus 2 years work experience in service delivery systems for persons with mental disabilities. One year (18-25 semester hours) of graduate- level work from an accredited program in a related field may substitute for the required work experience on a year for year basis. Experience with ICF/ID standards and applicable rules and laws; experience with ensuring quality services for persons with developmental disabilities; and experience leading and supervising employees. Additional Information: Overtime work may be necessary based upon business necessity. All applicants must pass: pre-employment drug screen, fingerprint criminal background check, and Client Abuse/Neglect Reporting System (CANRS), Employee Misconduct Registry and Nurse/Aide Registry checks. Males between the ages of 18-25 must be registered with the Selective Service. All State Supported Living Center employees are subject to Random drug testing. Flexibility in work hours may be required for this position. The position may be required to work overtime and/or extended hours. “Other duties as assigned include but are not limited to actively participating and/or serving in a supporting role to meet the agency’s obligations for disaster response and/or recovery or Continuity of Operations (COOP) activation. Such participation may require an alternate shift pattern assignment and/or location.” Req 382180 HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work. I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form. In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview.