Purpose: The Lead Data Architect will help lead the transformation of RSLI’s Data Management and Analytics vision, and a connected data strategy to deliver common, secure and consistent data capabilities across the enterprise. This role will engage in strategic initiatives and be the gatekeeper for enterprise data standards, processes, best practices and frameworks. Key Responsibilities: NEXTGEN DATA ARCHITECTURE: Key member of development team for RSLI’s nextgen data architecture, which incorporates a mix of cloud and on-prem systems along with big data and rdbms technologies. Owns, creates and enhances processes, standards, best practices and frameworks to be used throughout nextgen data architecture. Analyzes and designs technical solutions that enhance legacy and nextgen data architectures. Reviews and analyzes new software tools and packages and makes recommendations where applicable. CUSTOMER SERVICE: Analyzes business processes in order to determine and develop technical solutions to meet business objectives. Interacts with Business Analysts and staff within business units to determine options for addressing business requirements. Supports the existing architecture, deliverables, new product releases, and plans for additional capacity as needed to support business needs. Analyzes issues and new business needs as required, and designs and develops new models and/or major enhancements to existing models and maintains current models to business specifications. Assists users with system testing. Rotates with team as on-call contact for production issues. ANALYSIS & REPORTING: Analyzes business processes in order to determine and develop technical solutions to meet business objectives. Interacts with Business Analysts and staff within business units to determine options for addressing business requirements. Supports the existing architecture, deliverables, new product releases, and plans for additional capacity as needed to support business needs. Analyzes issues and new business needs as required, and designs and develops new models and/or major enhancements to existing models and maintains current models to business specifications. Assists users with system testing. Rotates with team as on-call contact for production issues. Qualifications: • 4-year degree in computer science or related field 10+ years related experience experience developing and deploying complex data warehouse/data mart/ETL/BI deliverables to meet specific needs of business units Experience should include; o Oracle o PL/SQL o SQL o ETL Development in Data Warehouse o Data Modeling – Relational & Star Schema o Indexes, Views, Materialized Views, Triggers o Partitions & Frameworks 2-3 years' experience within a big data environment preferred (Linux, python) Comprehensive understanding of Business Intelligence and Data Warehousing processes and tools Experience with the Kimball Design Methodology including star schemas, bridge tables, staging tables, work tables Experience supporting semantic layer and metadata layer data products used for BI self-service Must have disciplined organizational skills and the ability to multi-task, organize, prioritize and meet deadlines as needed. Strong interpersonal skills and communication skills in order to develop relationships for attainment of mutual goals. Experience with reporting tools (Actuate, Tableau, etc.) preferred. Insurance background (e.g., claims, underwriting, sales, billing, or finance) preferred Option to work remotely (i.e. from home) available. Position frequently requires the following abilities: Sitting for prolonged periods of time, frequently standing, and extensive keyboarding. Employee is required to have visual acuity sufficient to perform activities such as preparing and analyzing data and figures; transcribing notes; viewing a computer terminal and extensive reading. Employee is required to have hearing sufficient to understand verbal instruction and answer telephones. Reliance Standard Life Insurance will provide qualified employees with a reasonable accommodation in accordance with applicable law.