The Network Systems Administrator is responsible for maintaining network uptime by managing all critical network hardware on vessels and landings, troubleshooting all network issues and creating network security & stability across NYC Ferry platforms. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Design and install Local Area Network cabling systems and equipment such as routers and switches. Monitor active network and server infrastructure. Manage and maintain all landing and vessel networks. Perform routine preventative maintenance on equipment Troubleshoot network issues. Administer network security measures to prevent system interruptions or breaches. Provide technical support for Ticket Vending Machines across all NYC Ferry landings. Creates Wiki articles documenting IT tasks, hardware and software to build an internal knowledge base. Provide list of all asset tags, location and user for all deployments or moves. Provide Tier 3 technical support to internal NYC Ferry staff by working on assigned tickets inside of the JIRA ticketing system. Troubleshooting OS, workstation and software. Configure, set up and assist in the ongoing maintenance of end-user PC desktop hardware, software, and peripherals. Re-imaging of laptops and desktops. Utilize Active Directory for password resets, account unlocks and new user creations. Manage the NYC Ferry Active Directory Organizational Unit for both users and computers. Manage and maintain all network printers. The software installs or requesting software for users from appropriate sources. Prioritize incoming support requests and escalate issues and concerns when necessary. Provide after-hours support through rotating on-call schedule. Present professional level of customer service and appearance to all – internal and external. Demonstrate RESPECT Values and QUEST Hospitality Behaviors with internal and external riders. Hold yourself and all crew accountable to the Environmental, Safety, Security and Quality Respect and systems of the organization and work to support the HSSQE team to implement such systems, plans, and control of records and documentation Qualifications Strong technical knowledge and efficient troubleshooting capabilities in relevant IT infrastructure/architectures. Knowledge of multiple operating systems including; Windows 7 / 10, Linux Ubuntu Server, Linux CentOS Server, Mac OSX, Windows Server 2012 / 2016. Knowledge of server applications, such as Active Directory, Remote Desktop Protocol, SQL Server, IIS, VMware. Knowledge and understanding of concepts and protocols, such as TCP/IP, DNS, VPN, and DHCP. Strong knowledge of network hardware/software including; Cisco, Cradle point, Ubiquiti, patch panels, UPS. Excellent written and verbal communication skills Strong Customer Service skillset Knowledge of JIRA Service Desk a plus In addition to NYC Ferry Services, Hornblower Group operates Hornblower Cruises & Events with over 60 vessels in northern California, southern California, and New York; two ferry service concessions for the U.S. National Park Service: Alcatraz Cruises and Statue Cruises, and boat service to the Niagara Falls Gorge in Canada, and a cable car transportation company in San Francisco. NYC Ferry by Hornblower is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identify, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. NYC Ferry by Hornblower is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. NYC Ferry by Hornblower participates in the E-Verify program.