Frontline technical support and guidance in planning, implementation and ongoing operations of LAN's and WAN's, and implementation of end user computing applications and devices for Kaiser Medical groups and business partners and employees. In general employees are responsible for responding to tickets (inquires or requests for services related to desktop hardware) originating from the National Service Desk. For requests that cannot be serviced over the phone, tickets are generated electronically and distributed via network queue to the relevant location or business line to be resolved by Desktop employees: Incident tickets: all secondary -break/fix requests for electronic desktop equipment and Add/Move/change tickets: moving and installing new personal computers and/or ordering and replacing equipment for assigned areas (e.g. building/installing computers for a new office.)Each level includes the skills and duties from the previous level. Essential Functions: Entry level position performing standard routine and often repetitive work under supervision of other staff. Majority of time spent responding to and resolving tickets interacting directly with clients to resolve problems via phone, email, chat or in person. Provides limited support for projects and administrative work. (e.g. writing documentation for tickets, updating and maintaining logs etc); Performs assets management tasks. 24 x7 Standby responsibilities may be required to respond to urgent support calls. Supervision Given and Received: Receives direct but not constant supervision. Typically requires some instruction and guidance from other higher level staff. Problem Solving and Decision Making: Identifies first level problems and escalates if necessary. Cannot make decisions independently aside from what is directly related to resolving ticket. Customer Service Skills: Demonstrates professional behavior with all customers at all times. Develops a clear understanding of the customer's needs seeking information through clarifying questions. Maintains clear communications with customers regarding expectations and time frames. Follows up with customers after a problem has been resolved to inform them of any action taken. Sensitive to customer's frustration and responds professionally.