Job Purpose: Responsible for architecting enterprise wide n-tier data architecture solutions to support business applications and develop implementable data management infrastructure solutions for integrated services while ensuring high quality data to the enterprise. Key Responsibilities: Build database models and architectures to satisfy business plans, standards, processes, and procedures within CIO Data Services responsibility. Responsible for data processing architecting to ensure high availability, recovery, performance, monitoring and operations design is incorporated across all covered services. Understand processing and capacity requirements and establish an architectural approach for each product initiative to meet agreed service level expectations. Responsible for physical database server, storage and overall infrastructure sizing and build specifications - including load balancing and clustering - for all product initiatives, which includes: Defining data integrity requirements to include classification, security, sensitivity, archival, and destruction Design of data lifecycle to include flight, storage, and state transition Execute and implement defined standards and best practices as agreed through the enterprise IT architecture process, which includes application, infrastructure, data and security requirements. Additional duties/projects as assigned. Job Requirements: Bachelor"s degree in Computer Science or related field, Master"s degree is preferred. Minimum of 7 years’ experience with complex database systems delivery and/or operations experience of large data centers to include cloud based models Must have experience with designing, specifying and implementing large database application architectural components. Must have clear communication skills and be able to express ideas clearly and effectively both verbally and in written format. Experience with Federated Architecture, Business-to-Business (B2B) integration, Information Delivery, Enterprise Service Bus implementation and support. Ability to gain cooperation and commitment from key stakeholders across the company by employing negotiating and influencing skills. LI-RAC LILH