The Manager, Employee Records, directs the overall administration and compliance of all employee records. The Manager supervises the daily operations of the Records Coordinators and is first point of contact for problem resolutions and system optimization. Key areas of responsibility include: Manage the daily operations of the Records team including workload balance, service level commitments and quality. Maintain appropriate metrics to drive operational discussions around service levels and quality. Use appropriate metrics to identify trends, issues and problems and collaborate with the Director to resolve and/or modify processes as appropriate. Ensure data entry and scanning are completed accurately and timely. Lead development and implementation of processes to maintain a structured employee records retention policy across all entities. Minimum Requirements : Bachelor's degree required. At least 5 years of experience required in a related area (IS, HR Operations, Health Care Operations, or Medical/Confidential Records or similar) HRIS or electronic medical records knowledge or similar knowledge required Understanding of electronic records storage systems required Preferred Qualifications: Supervisory experience Knowledge of records operations and compliance Knowledge of Joint Commission and Department of Health Employee Record requirements Knowledge of new hire employee record retention Additional Information : We believe that the best care for our patients starts with the best care for our employees. Our employee benefits programs help our employees get healthy and stay healthy. We offer a comprehensive compensation and benefits program that includes one of the finest prepaid tuition assistance programs in the region. Penn Medicine employees are actively engaged and committed to our mission. Together we will continue to make medical advances that help people live longer, healthier lives. Penn Medicine http://www.pennmedicine.org/careers/ Live Your Life's Work EOE/AA, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran LI-CE1 We are an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. Candidates are considered for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, national origin, ancestry, age, disability, marital status, familial status, genetic information, domestic or sexual violence victim status, citizenship status, military status, status as a protected veteran or any other status protected by applicable law.