We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it. For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer. And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on new modalities, self-driving cars and even urban air transportation, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next. About the Role We are looking for an experienced Internal Audit Analyst, Data Analytics and Automation to join Uber’s Internal Audit team. We're looking for a candidate with analytics experience and enthusiasm to help build out and maintain Internal Audit’s data analytics program at Uber. This role is based in San Francisco. What You’ll Do Write SQL queries from scratch for data analysis Review or modify SQL (or HiveQL, Oracle, etc.) queries Execute ad hoc analyses, code reviews, or data extractions requested by various teams within Internal Audit, such as Anti-Fraud & Investigations or Compliance Audit Test for completeness and accuracy of datasets Data cleaning, extraction, transformation, and load Create data visualizations Summarize and present findings of an analysis using an appropriate means of communication, be it an email, report, or slide deck. Learn and research data sources within Uber, across various business units and systems Identify subject matter experts or stakeholders in order to obtain the right data or to understand it. Prepare questions for meetings with such experts or stakeholders and prepare questions. What You’ll Need Minimum of two years of experience in data analysis Bachelor's degree. Focus in Economics, Computer Science, Statistics, or similar preferred SQL writing proficiency; experience using R or Python for analytics Must be able to complete assignments on time Critical thinking Able to demonstrate creativity and research skills to tackle analytics or automation projects without step-by-step instructions. Ability to leverage Uber’s internal resources or publicly available information (wikipedia, Stack Overflow, etc.) to solve problems and write programs or scripts that work. Able to build in quality checks and self-reviews for errors. Intensely curious person who wants to know the what, where, when, how, and most importantly why our processes work the way they do. Able to communicate effectively in verbal and written form. This applies to interacting with stakeholders, the IA team, and in written communications (especially when it comes to crafting messages and relaying findings and recommendations). Can easily adapt between working independently or collaboratively on a team, with various stakeholders and outsourced audit teams, and on unstructured projects. Highly organized and able to manage time, tasks, and deliverables. Ability to understand user needs quickly Ability to follow instructions and communicate project status Strategic, proactive, creative, innovative, and collaborative Bonus Points If Familiarity with Oracle, Hive, Presto Technology and/or media specific industry experience, a plus. Experience with AWS About the Team We support all sub-teams of Internal Audit and some teams in Finance or Legal by increasing their effectiveness and efficiency. Our 2018 priorities are designed to enable Uber’s success through smart risk management and create a high performing Internal Audit. We are growing and will expand internationally and are looking to move up the maturity curve as a department.