Enable Business Transformation at a High-Growth Global Industry Leader Bring your skills and experience to a high visibility role that is both challenging and rewarding Are you a change agent? Do you have a passion for driving transformation? Do you have a deep understanding of the business that you support? If so, this is your chance to bring your passion for HR and your global experience to a leading technology company. Consider some of the advantages: Grow your career. This is a great opportunity for a seasoned HR leader to partner with the CHRO, the HR leadership team, and our business leaders. If you're hungry to move your career forward, this is a great place to make that happen. Make a big impact. As a member of the HR leadership team, you'll actively participate in setting priorities, creating strategy, setting a vision for the region, and making a positive impact on the overall business and success of the company. Lead business change. You'll have the autonomy and support to address business challenges by identifying talent solutions. You will be a true business partner, helping put the plans in place that will allow the HR function to work for the company in the best possible ways. If you think of the bigger picture, use data to guide your work, demonstrate an understanding and curiosity around every aspect of the business, are comfortable challenging convention, and have the vision and drive to reinvent how work is done, then we want to hear from you. A technology-driven company focused on cockpit electronics and the road to autonomous driving. Visteon is at the epicenter of the connected car driving revolution, with one of the broadest cockpit electronics portfolios in the industry. We are a leading provider of instrument clusters, head-up displays, information displays, infotainment, audio systems, SmartCore™ cockpit domain controllers, vehicle connectivity, and the DriveCore™ autonomous driving platform. Visteon also supplies embedded multimedia and smartphone connectivity software solutions to the global automotive industry. We have a cockpit electronics portfolio that few competitors can match and are well- positioned to address several key trends in our business, none greater than the evolution toward autonomous driving, which requires new technology to enable drivers to interact safely and efficiently with their vehicles. The Requirements To be a good fit for the role, you will have: 10+ years of relevant experience in a global environment, including: 7+ years directly managing / influencing teams of people Experience managing the HR function for Latin America locations, preferably Mexico Leadership experience working as an HR Director or equivalent in support of leaders at a global company(s) Experience as a business partner in support of a global engineering or R&D organization Workforce planning experience A bachelor’s degree in technology, human resources, or a related field, or an equivalent combination of education and experience In addition to the above experience, you'll need the following competencies: Strong leadership skills, including the ability to translate vision into action, manage multiple priorities, improve operations, and maintain positive and productive relationships while delivering results Strategic vision, with the ability to see where the business is headed, define opportunities, develop programs proactively, and to look across the HR function and the company to determine intersections and hand-offs Exceptional communication skills, with the ability to break down complex concepts and clearly explain them to people in a variety of roles, and to bring people along and drive change throughout the organization Skill as a business leader who is respected for your understanding of the business and willing to contribute outside of your role Demonstrated effectiveness leveraging technology and/or outsourced providers to drive down costs and increase effectiveness and efficiency A strong understanding of how HR Technology can add value to the organization and how to prioritize implementations which provide the highest ROI The ability to consider multiple audiences, manage concurrent projects, and prioritize work according to strategic goals while meeting requirements and deadlines with a positive attitude A proven ability to work effectively and creatively with limited resources and function well in a fast-paced environment A willingness to take risks and experiment with new ideas and technologies Effective consulting and coaching skills, with the ability to build relationships with senior leaders and a complex set of stakeholders to drive organizational change Demonstrated analytical and problem solving skills, with the ability to analyze data, understand trends and develop recommendations based on the analysis, and a bias toward strategy and action Preferred but not required: Experience with organizational development and design, including knowledge of reshaping organizational structure and roles, and an understanding of the needs of the organization to achieve maximum organizational performance and efficiencies HR experience in succession planning, performance management, business consulting, coaching and development, talent management, data analysis, and diversity and inclusion Experience leading HR in a software environment, preferably in a software company Experience working in or leading teams outside of the HR function Experience supporting an organization that is experiencing global growth You will travel occasionally to visit other sites in the Americas, possibly up to 15% of your time. Your work schedule will generally be during business hours M-F, but you will need some flexibility to work earlier or later based on business needs (such as to meet with teams in other time zones around the globe). The Role Role overview Reporting to the Chief Human Resources Officer (CHRO), you will work collaboratively to take our organization to the next level by solving complex business challenges through talent-related solutions. The company is experiencing strong growth, and we're looking for an 'A-player' to become an integral resource to the leadership teams you support while helping us modernize and centralize our function. You will create the vision for the Americas region, as well as the end-to-end people strategy that will drive business performance within our global organization of thousands of employees. Some of your specific tasks will be to: Provide Regional HR Leadership Establish vision and prioritize talent activities that will drive the most value Implement performance and reporting measures Serve as the single point of accountability for decision making and escalations to meet service levels Assess health of the region through establishment and measurement of KPI’s Partner closely with functional and shared services teams to deliver high-value service to regional leaders Address and manage a broad spectrum of employee relations matters Proactively communicate the status of key engineering projects Act as a Business Partner Work with the business leaders that you support to prioritize and solve challenges Consult with leaders to create a comprehensive people plan to influence lasting change over large functions Act as a trusted advisor and coach to leadership and play a critical role in enhancing their effectiveness Work with regional HR peers as well as COE leaders to address global solutions to functional challenges Define goals, provide leadership, and develop employees in the regional HR organization Proactively develop appropriate communication cadence and change methodology Drive people-related initiatives with your communication, coaching and influencing skills Manage talent effectively to ensure we have the right people in the right roles Coach and enable business leaders to cultivate an effective leadership pipeline Provide Human Resources Leadership As a member of the HR leadership team, actively participate in strategy creation as well as identification of priorities Act as a change agent to drive innovation and process improvements across our entire organization Proactively develop relationships that can be leveraged to drive HR's agenda and deliverables _Note: this description is intended to give you a general overview of the position and is not an exhaustive listing of duties and responsibilities._ More Good Reasons Make an impact Work collaboratively with our CHRO, who has a diverse background and is a strong change agent, in a collegial environment. You'll be in a great position to help envision strategy, and put the talent solutions in place that will make our business stronger. Flexible work We are committed to mutually agreeable work schedules that take into account the variability of project requirements and employees’ own needs. Focusing on the future Our company strategy focuses on emerging areas of the automotive industry, including autonomous vehicles. This strategy is driven by constant innovation, and you will support our efforts through your role. We are recognized across the industry for innovation. For example, our SmartCore™ cockpit domain controller earned an Automotive News PACE Award for innovation in 2018. Professional development Working at Visteon is not a destination, but a journey in which our employees can develop their strengths and advance their careers while helping a global, technology-focused company achieve its goals. We have a variety of programs to support employees' ongoing development. Visteon is dedicated to providing employees with regular feedback through check-in conversations at key stages of projects. Employees engage in regular discussions covering their performance, impact and development opportunities throughout the year, are rewarded for their commitment and results. Stability and growth We have a strong book of business that is expected to drive future growth, along with a customer base that includes almost every automotive manufacturer in the world. Our revenues in 2017 were $3.15 billion. Competitive compensation and benefits At Visteon, employees are part of an international organization and are often in daily contact with colleagues and customers all over the world. The nature of our organization allows employees at all levels to deliver results that affect our business on a daily basis. Visteon offers competitive salaries and benefits and an environment that encourages employees to achieve their career goals. Keys to Success This change agent role is a good fit for a strong communicator who is a great team player. It will take collaboration, and you will need to be open to sharing your ideas as well as willing to hear ideas from others. You'll need to influence people who don't report to you, and assertive enough to manage positive change through those relationships. In our dynamic environment, the people who excel have a flexible mindset, and are ready and able to make changes as needed to keep moving forward. Our ideal candidate is an HR ninja, with a strong knowledge base and the drive to learn continuously to stay at the cutting edge of HR best practices. In addition, you'll need to know how to implement change effectively, presenting your suggested solutions when you bring up a problem. If you enjoy learning, know how to influence indirectly, and have the flexibility to roll with change to meet business demands, then send your resume today! About Us About Visteon Visteon is a global technology company that designs, engineers and manufactures innovative cockpit electronics products and connected car solutions for most of the world’s major vehicle manufacturers. Visteon is a leading provider of instrument clusters, head-up displays, information displays, infotainment, audio systems, SmartCore™ cockpit domain controllers, vehicle connectivity and the DriveCore™ autonomous driving platform. Visteon also supplies embedded multimedia and smartphone connectivity software solutions to the global automotive industry. Headquartered in Van Buren Township, Michigan, Visteon has approximately 10,000 employees at more than 40 facilities in 18 countries. Visteon had sales of $3.15 billion in 2017. Learn more at www.visteon.com. Visteon is an equal opportunity employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. Our Vision A top-three cockpit electronics player delivering a rich, connected cockpit experience for every car from luxury to entry level. For more information about our company, technologies and products, please visit our YouTube page. Clicking on this link will open a new browser window, but be sure to come back to submit your resume.