Company Overview At Nuance, we empower people with the ability to seamlessly interact with their connected devices and the digital world around them. We are creating a world where technology thinks and acts the way people do by designing the most human, natural, and intuitive ways of interacting with technology. Our nimble technology uses analytics and advanced algorithms to transform the inanimate into animate and reduce complicated processes into simple ones. Join our Healthcare team...caring for clinicians the way they care for patients. Beyond words. We create technology that lets clinicians capture and document care quickly and easily so they can focus their attention on their patients. Join our Mobile team…intelligent systems now ready for the road. We are passionate about developing intelligent interfaces that enable people to talk to their cars, phones, devices, and other smart “things”. Join our Enterprise team…great customer service starts here. We design virtual assistants for intelligent and effortless customer service helping customers find the information they need using whatever channel they prefer. Join our Imaging team…greater document flexibility for more personal productivity. We are passionate about designing and building secure technology that empowers companies to gain control of their document management processes and ensure their proprietary and customer information is protected. Job Summary Summary: The candidate will pursue cutting edge research aligned with Nuance’s long term AI roadmap. The focus will be on developing or improving deep learning models for Natural Language Understanding. As part of this work, the candidate is expected to publish papers in renowned journals and conferences. Responsibilities: Conduct research and experiments to develop or improve deep learning models for Natural Language Understanding. Implement prototypes to test new ideas and algorithms. Analyze and improve performance of existing algorithms. Publish papers in renowned journals and conferences. Transfer knowledge to teams productizing research ideas. Perform tasks related to securing and keeping the products, tools, and processes that you are responsible for security. Qualifications Number of Years of Work Experience: 2+ Required Skills: PhD in machine / deep learning or closely related field. Mastery of machine learning libraries such as TensorFlow or pyTorch. Good programming and debugging skills; able to prototype research ideas effectively. Experience running accuracy experiments and systematically improving performance. Should be able to take initiative, but also follow a plan and work well as part of a team. Good communication skills (written and oral). Preferred Skills: Track record of deep learning publications in renowned journals and conferences. Good knowledge of the state of the art techniques in Natural Language Understanding, as well as a good understanding of the challenges in this field. Strong experience in a scripting language (e.g. Python). Experience working in Linux environment. Education: PhD in machine / deep learning or closely related field. Additional Information Nuance Communication Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics. The EEO is the Law poster is available here: http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf . If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please call 781-565-5000 – Human Resources Department and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.