Overview Flex-N-Gate is a leading manufacturer and supplier of components for the automotive industry, recently ranked 10th of the 150 Top North American Suppliers in “Automotive News.” A growing and vital company, Flex-N-Gate provides a great opportunity for hard-working and skilled individuals. Scope of the Position The Information Technology Administrator’s role is to ensure proper computer operations so that end users can accomplish organizational tasks. This includes receiving, prioritising, documenting and actively resolving end user help requests. Problem resolution may involve the use of approved diagnostics and help tools, as well as require that the individual give hands-on help at the desktop level. The C shift runs afternoons/nights on M, T with W, TH off and days on F/Sat Responsibilities Administer a small, uniform site alone or assists in the administration of a larger system. Perform first level problem determination and resolution on all problems. Escalate unresolved issues to the appropriate support team. Software support focus within the network activity, primarily within a Microsoft Windows environment. Monitor and follow-up on all outstanding issues to ensure proper and efficient resolution or to update the client as to the current status. Notify appropriate management of priority problems and subsequent resolution. Utilize all tools necessary to monitor servers and perform other daily duties. Communicate with co-workers, management, clients and others in a courteous and professional manner. Conform with and abide by all regulations, policies, work procedures and instructions. Record, track and document – help desk requests, problem-solving process, including all successful and unsuccessful decisions made, and brief IT members on the resolution. Develop help sheets and knowledge base for future reference and end users. Perform related duties consistent with the scope and intent of the position. Available for support calls 24/7. Qualifications High School Diploma or equivalent 2-4 years’ work experience in related field Certifications from accredited schools in computer systems Knowledge of basic computer hardware and applications software. Strong organizational skills. Strong communication skills (both verbal and written). Proficiency with database applications and administration systems, specifically Microsoft Office. Ability to work effectively alone and prioritize. Must be a highly motivated, service and team-oriented individual with an attention to detail. Enthusiasm for challenge and new initiatives are prerequisites. Strong analytical ability Troubleshooting ability is required Strong decision making and problem solving skills Demonstrated good internal customer service skills Proven good presentation skills. Good presentation skills Ability to manage multiple projects. Detail oriented Benefits Medical, dental, prescription, vision, life and disability insurance; and a flexible spending account 401(k) retirement savings plan with company match Extensive safety training, new hire orientation, continuous learning and development programs and tuition reimbursement Paid holidays and vacation time What do our employees have to say? “It engages you professionally, and provides learning opportunities.” “Lots of growth opportunity.” “The company’s young enough to be exciting, but old enough to be stable.” Not just a job—a great place to work! Flex-N-Gate is an equal opportunity employer. EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled.