Bellevue,Washington,United States BAUGP4 The Boeing Company has an exciting job opportunity for an experienced Hadoop Design & Integration Specialist in Bellevue, Washington. Provide architecture and general systems management support for Hadoop systems which include various open source analytics software on Linux based servers. Review and analyze Hadoop analytics tools for appropriateness, robustness, and available support in a leading-edge hardware & software infrastructure delivery environment. Duties and responsibilities include: Provide Hadoop systems infrastructure architecture support Provide architecture and technology leadership across Batch and Streaming data processing platforms Plan for Hadoop migration from physical to hybrid cloud architecture Provide general systems management and maintenance of software Provide computing system software troubleshooting and problem resolution Implement Hadoop security configuration using tools like Knox-SSO with OAM, Kerberos, GSSAPI, & SPNEGO Provide system monitoring capabilities using approved tools and processes to validate system health Perform root cause analysis Coordinate with peers, end users, focals, program/product managers, and vendors as needed Maintain and improve delivery systems availability, functionality, and performance Develop and maintain procedures used for computing system management Boeing is the world's largest aerospace company and leading manufacturer of commercial airplanes and defense, space and security systems. We are engineers and technicians. Skilled scientists and thinkers. Bold innovators and dreamers. Join us, and you can build something better for yourself, for our customers and for the world. This position must meet Export Control compliance requirements, therefore a “US Person” as defined by 22 C.F.R. § 120.15 is required. “US Person” includes US Citizen, lawful permanent resident, refugee, or asylee. Basic Qualifications (Required Skills/Experience): Minimum 3 years of work experience with Hadoop systems on a multi-node system that includes master, data, and edge nodes in a production environment Minimum 10 years of experience in the IT industry An understanding of the Linux operating system An understanding of security implementation methodologies/tools such as Kerberos, IPtables, & SELINUX Networking knowledge such as: TCP/IP, Active Directory, SSO, Multi-homing An understanding of network and cloud storage services like SAN, NAS, & S3 Experience with Linux clustering best practices Preferred Qualifications (Desired Skills/Experience): An understanding of the function and purpose of the Hortonworks Hadoop components Database Hive, LLAP, Druid Machine Learning Zeppelin, Spark, Tensor Flow Stream Processing Kafka, Storm, NiFi Operational Data Store Phoenix, HBase Security Knox, Atlas, Ranger, Kerberos Workload Management Yarn, Ambari Developer tools Python, Java Typical Education/Experience: Technical bachelor's degree and typically 9 or more years' related work experience or a Master's degree with typically 7 or more years' or a PhD degree with typically 4 or more years' related work experience or an equivalent combination of education and experience. A technical degree is defined as any four year degree, or greater, in a mathematic, scientific or information technology field of study. Yes, 10 % of the Time CIO, Information & Analytics Individual Contributor No No Standard United States; The Boeing Company