About us: The goal is intelligent control for a dynamic world. We use A.I. to simplify the management of complex systems. We bring the next generation of control systems to leading industrial clients. Kelvin develops combinations of sensors, software and artificial intelligence to simplify complex systems. Our team consists of leading domain experts, data scientists and designers solving problems in the physical world. We have Fortune 500 clients across some of the largest sectors in the world and are backed by leading Silicon Valley investors. Summary/Objective In this exciting position, you will work on-site with one of our Fortune 500 clients and manage all aspects of our projects in the drilling and completions space from inception to conclusion. As the Drilling and Completions Program Manager, you will be responsible for the continuous improvement of both programs working closely with the Kelvin product and data science teams as well as client teams to develop modern drilling and completions control products. Role and Responsibilities As the Drilling and Completions Program Manager you will work with Kelvin and client teams developing new drilling and completions solutions exceeding the current best in class and built on top of a modern streaming data platform. The role will include the following: Learn and understand the Kelvin platform and how it can be applied to drilling and completions Know or learn the existing best in class drilling software products Determine and execute on a program plan in collaboration with Kelvin and client project teams to connect, analyze, investigate and act on real time drilling and completions data sets to realize value to our clients Develop drilling and completions specific plans, goals, objectives, policies and procedures with the ability to distinguish between entity specific and globally required features and capabilities and with knowledge of a wider array of oil & gas assets being developed by program management peers on the Kelvin platform Act as a point of contact between Kelvin and client based project teams to communicate how the current products work and how future products will need to work to continuously evolve Kelvin’s control platform Facilitate and troubleshoot the myriad of problems associated with developing complex systems or with coordinating and development, and design of projects Provide highly skilled technical and management advice and assistance to Kelvin department heads Develop and lead project update meetings between both Kelvin and client stakeholders You will lead SCRUM meetings and stand-up meetings with clients. This position is right for you if…. You thrive in a fast-paced technical environment You are at ease when communicating with clients You are a documentation wizard Knowledge and Skills Requirement 5+ years of experience with drill and/or completions software and control systems Excellent written and oral communication Bachelor’s degree in a technical major Project Management experience Commercial/enterprise experience Knowledge of existing RTU/PLC and SCADA systems highly valued General knowledge of software systems considered valuable Problem Solving/Analysis Previous experience of knowledge of data science highly valued Must work independently and autonomously Must know how to raise problems, figure solutions and drive things to close