Silicon Valley Bank is the market leader in providing financial solutions to the world’s most innovative technology and life science companies and investors. SVB has been an incredible growth story over the last 30+ years and continues to grow and expand internationally. In order to fuel our growth, we are placing an even greater emphasis on being a data-driven organization by expanding our Internal & Predictive Analytics team. Come join a growing, global commercial bank at the heart of the innovation economy. The Internal & Predictive Analytics group at SVB is responsible for providing actionable analytical solutions and products to help SVB sales executives and leaders achieve their initiatives and goals. Typical examples of initiatives include acquiring clients, retaining clients, deepening client relationships and helping our clients to succeed. We are looking for a Data Scientist who will help us discover the information hidden in vast amounts of data, and help us make smarter decisions. Your primary focus will be in applying AI/ML or statistical techniques to create analytical data products. We would like to further enhance our pricing application with these kinds of tools. The ideal candidate would have a strong understanding of finance and be able to leverage company financial statement analysis in their analytical products. Responsibilities include: Develop cutting edge solutions to help business partners meet their objectives Processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis Ability to create end to end analytical solutions Experience deploying analytical solutions into production environments Performing ad-hoc analysis and presenting results in a clear manner Work closely with our data infrastructure team and other domain SMEs by giving requirements for new data acquisitions and able to run data pipeline pilots that can be transitioned to the infrastructure team Craft compelling, data-driven stories that educate, excite, and empower our partners with actionable insights Look for opportunities to enhance our current analytical capabilities and develop new analytics products LI-86777003_VL1 Qualifications Demonstrated proficiency with tools such as Python, R, SAS and SQL Strong analytical and problem solving skills Experience deploying analytical solutions to production environments Demonstrated ability to self-manage and multitask in a dynamic, ever-changing environment Effective time management and organizational skills Flexibility to work/manage variety of projects Leveraging communication skills to collaborate effectively with analysts across SVB Background in data management in Banking/Finance industry is preferred Experience with data visualization tools like Tableau is a plus Bachelor/Masters in Computer Science, Finance, Accounting, Economics, Statistics or operational research 3+ years of experience in analytics