Plano 1 (31061), United States of America, Plano, Texas At Capital One, we’re building a leading information-based technology company. Still founder-led by Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Richard Fairbank, Capital One is on a mission to help our customers succeed by bringing ingenuity, simplicity, and humanity to banking. We measure our efforts by the success our customers enjoy and the advocacy they exhibit. We are succeeding because they are succeeding. Guided by our shared values, we thrive in an environment where collaboration and openness are valued. We believe that innovation is powered by perspective and that teamwork and respect for each other lead to superior results. We elevate each other and obsess about doing the right thing. Our associates serve with humility and a deep respect for their responsibility in helping our customers achieve their goals and realize their dreams. Together, we are on a quest to change banking for good. Oracle Database Administrator We are passionate about data! As a Database Administrator at Capital One, you'll be responsible for administration of procedures and practices regarding data access and upkeep for a specific database technology. This includes working with project teams to determine changes needed to both the database and models, and then implementing those changes. Our DBA's support ongoing project efforts and day-to-day support activities for the department. Responsibilities: Incident resolution and work orders. All phases of Database support including production control. Maintains record keeping on infrastructure hardware, database & software inventory. Develops and maintains hardware and software configuration database/library of all supporting documentation. System & job monitoring, health-checks to ensure the overall well-being of the DB systems, develop, improve and manage reactive and proactive system tools. Research and recommendation of better tools. Engineering and special projects, Surge and SWAT efforts. Collaboration with all partners. Produces and distributes inventory management reports. Process development and improvement, automation, documentation, delegation. Assist in the definition of standards, support of the SDLC (i.e. reviews, tools, standards, features) Install, maintain, and expansion of diagnostic tools and monitoring. Managed/direct/guide/train non-associates on the team. Backup, restore, recovery and compliance. Basic Qualifications: Bachelor's degree or Military experience At least 5 years of experience in object-oriented programming languages At least 5 years of experience with Oracle At least 5 years of experience in leading software-oriented projects from inception to delivery Preferred Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Management Information Systems or equivalent military experience 2+ years of experience with Agile development methodologies 2+ years of Linux Server experience 2+ years of Cloud experience 2+ years of AWS APIs experience 2+ years of AWS services experience At this time, Capital One will not sponsor a new applicant for employment authorization for this position.