Comcast brings together the best in media and technology. We drive innovation to create the world's best entertainment and online experiences. As a Fortune 50 leader, we set the pace in a variety of innovative and fascinating businesses and create career opportunities across a wide range of locations and disciplines. We are at the forefront of change and move at an amazing pace, thanks to our remarkable people, who bring cutting-edge products and services to life for millions of customers every day. If you share in our passion for teamwork, our vision to revolutionize industries and our goal to lead the future in media and technology, we want you to fast-forward your career at Comcast. The Customer Experience (CX) team is designing the ideal customer experience. This includes rethinking processes, policies, products and interaction models. Importantly, designing an ideal customer experience means evaluating the current experience, then applying the latest technologies and best practices to improve it.At Comcast, we believe that the Customer Experience is our single most important product and providing a simple and intuitive support experience, sometimes before a customer even notices there is a problem, is critical we are looking to transform the customer experience by leveraging machine learning to make more informed and personalized interactions. We are an Agile team that looks for new ways to use data and data models to improve the reliability of our service and our customer experience. THIS ROLE REQUIRES: - All aspects of a product lead in an Agile team. (Prioritize and writing user stories, facilitate feature grooming, managing the product backlog and providing guidance on future sprints). Experience as a platform product manager is a plus.- Work with other product managers to align on strategy and future releases and develop joint use cases.- Work with other platform owners to publish and model data.- Define and report on key feature and effectiveness metrics.- Ability to view the 'big picture' of challenges impacting the customer experience, including the technical, functional, process, and policy considerations and to creatively define solutions to those challenges- Strong interpersonal skills to work with a variety of product and technical teams responsible for their areas of the business, to deliver a unified customer experience.- Understanding of big data technologies such as Kafka, Cassandra, NiFi, Flink.- Ability to adopt the customer's perspective when defining new initiatives and product featuresTHIS ROLE WILL: - Partner with diverse groups such as development, design, business unit and support teams to prototype and scale CX solutions based on feasibility and viability- Evaluate and prototype platforms and solutions via internal development and/or third-party partners to complete Comcast's end-state customer experience vision- Write user stories, maintain a product backlog, and prioritize bugs using Agile methodologies.- Drive the product development process and ensure timely delivery of product against the roadmap.- Consistently exercises independent judgment and discretion in matters of significance- Regular, consistent and punctual attendance. Must be able to work nights and weekends, variable schedule(s) as necessary- Travel to field locations to support focus group, training activities, and internal awareness- Other duties and responsibilities as assignedADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS- Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience- 10 plus years of related experience Comcast is an EOE/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT employer