Google Data Center teams design and operate some of the most sophisticated electrical and HVAC systems in the world. As an Environment, Health & Safety Technician, you oversee compliance by Google employees and contractors with EHS procedures. Your goal is to ensure environmental protection, pollution prevention, health, and safety for all Googlers and Google facilities. Your proactive approach means you are consistently working to improve data center environmental, health, and safety (EHS) performance. You meet and manage all EHS legal requirements while monitoring and supporting all facilities activity at Google's data centers, and always operate according to best-in-class environmental practices. In emergency situations or abnormal conditions, you respond to data center EHS issues and incidents to minimize the impact. The Environmental & Research Safety Manager is part of the EHS (Environment, Health and Safety) Management team and oversees environmental due diligence processes, indoor and outdoor air quality programs, hazardous material management and the implement industrial hygiene solutions throughout the research and development endeavors. You'll provide support to our research enterprise and help keep our Googlers safe. You'll collaborate with our Research and Facilities Management team to create risk assessment plans and deploy innovative safety strategies. You believe that safety is about finding ways to enable safe research in an organization that encourages risk taking and innovation. From keeping Googlers safe and secure to managing disruptive events, the ability to anticipate, deter, detect, and act are the pillars of Google’s Global Security and Resilience Services (GSRS) team. As a member of GSRS you will help develop a culture where safety, security and resiliency are integrated into every facet of Google, including the creative process. You will help us continually identify, evaluate and monitor enterprise risks that could affect business activities and provide business leaders the information they need to make critical decisions. You'll collaborate with cross-functional teams to create innovative strategies and develop best in class programs that drive sustainable effectiveness. Responsibilities Establish a culture of safety through communications and awareness, standards, policies and practices. Work with research units to integrate safety into research operations and promote safe work practices based on regulatory requirements and best management practices. Oversee environmental site assessments (Phase I and II ESAs) and other site investigation/characterization processes. Provide efficient and quality services that ensure the safe and compliant generation, minimization, collection and removal of regulated waste. Collaborate with other groups within Google (HR, Legal, etc.) and outside of Google (Emergency Services and Departments of Environmental Health, etc.) regarding daily operations and planning, identifying safety deficiencies and appropriate enhancements to ensure performance to our standards and compliance with regulations. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in Environmental Science, Natural Science, Industrial Hygiene or any other related field of study or equivalent practical experience. Certified Industrial Hygienist (CIH) 5 years of experience as an environmental manager/consultant and/or regulatory experience. 3 years of leadership, supervisory or managerial experience. Preferred qualifications: Certified Hazardous Material Manager (CHMM). Laser Safety Officer Radiation Safety Officer At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.