Microsoft envisions a world where passionate innovators come to collaborate, envisioning what can be and taking their careers places they simply couldn’t anywhere else. This is a world of more possibility, more innovation, more openness, and sky’s-the-limit thinking – a cloud-enabled world. Our mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. This mission is ambitious and at the core of what our customers and employees care deeply about. We have unique capability in harmonizing the needs of both individuals and organizations. We deeply care about taking our ideals and vision global and making a difference in lives and organizations in all corners of the planet. We are always learning. Insatiably curious. We lean into uncertainty, take risks, and learn quickly from our mistakes. We build on each other’s ideas, because we are better together. We stand in awe of what humans dare to achieve and are motivated every day to empower others to do more and achieve more through our technology and innovation. Together we make a difference. To learn more about Microsoft’s mission, please visit: https://careers.microsoft.com/mission-culture Check out all of our products at: http://www.microsoft.com/en-us Microsoft aspires to help our customers achieve their own digital transformation, leveraging the power of Microsoft Cloud solutions and services. To this end, Microsoft is investing in a dedicated Customer Success team that will help Microsoft customers successfully adopt Microsoft Cloud solution and services. We are looking for a Cloud Solution Architect with a focus on SAP to drive high priority customer initiatives on Azure in collaboration with customers, partners and the Microsoft field. This is a technical, customer facing role that is accountable for the end-to-end customer cloud deployment experience for SAP workloads on Azure. Responsibilities You will own the Azure infrastructure technical customer engagements providing SAP subject matter expertise including: architectural design sessions, specific implementation projects and/or pilots. The ideal candidate will have experience either a direct customer / customer facing SAP Architecture role(s) and demonstrable success leading deep technical SAP focused infrastructure architecture discussions with senior executives, Enterprise Architects, IT Management and Developers to drive core SAP solutions and migrations. Key responsibilities include: Drive the deployment of SAP Landscapes onto the Azure platform to a successful customer outcome in large enterprises Acts as the subject matter expert for running SAP workloads on Azure, and support customer/partner deployments with SAP deployment guidance, supporting development of the customers’ SAP on cloud adoption model, and providing appropriate recommendations to overcome blockers Development and review technical architecture, and solution design for partner-led solution development Ensures that solution will exhibit high levels of performance, security, scalability, maintainability, appropriate reusability and reliability upon deployment Apply technical knowledge and customer insights to defines highly complex technology-based business solutions. Provides thought leadership regarding application design, architecture, and integration. Collaborate with other Cloud Solution Architects in developing complex end to solution for Enterprise scale solutions on Microsoft Azure platform, leveraging other skills like Analytics Develop deep relationships with key customer decision makers, who drive long-term cloud adoption within their company to enable them to be cloud advocates Maintain and advance deep technical skills and knowledge, keeping up to date with market trends and competitive insights, and share within the technical community Be a Voice of Customer to share insights and best practices, connect with Engineering team to remove key blockers Be an Azure Platform evangelist with customers, partners and external communities Assess the Customers' knowledge of SAP on Azure platform and overall cloud readiness to support customers through a structured learning plan and ensure its delivery through partners Qualifications Experiences Required – Education, Key Experiences, Knowledge and Skills: 7+ years enterprise technology consulting or direct customer experience with deep expertise on SAP NetWeaver platform with at least one year of architecting SAP solutions on Cloud (Public/Private) Deep domain expertise in SAP with strong BASIS skills i.e. SAP landscape sizing, deployment, transport management, optimizing features, system performance 5+ years’ experience as a SAP Basis Architect, NetWeaver architecture and SAP Hands on in SAP performance investigations throughout the complete stack of SAP application, DBMS, OS and infrastructure to be able to trace, capture, diagnose and isolate complex multifactorial performance problems 5+ years of experience in SAP Basis: OS/DB Migration, SAP Sizing, SAP HA/DR Design, SAP Operational Best Practices, SAP version upgrades 3+ years’ experience in RDBMS: deep knowledge including performance query analysis, sizing, HA/DR and storage/disk design of SAP HANA and at least 1-2 of the following: SQL Server, Oracle, Sybase, DB2, MaxDB Good understanding of SUSE and Red hat Linux Demonstrated ability to size SAP landscape deployments, monitoring and management of these environments Able to articulate value proposition of MS technologies over competition (like AWS, GCP, Virtustream, Hana Enterprise Cloud etc.) Able to produce technical documentation consistent with Reference Architecture principles Proven track record of building deep technical relationships with senior IT executives and growing data services in large or highly strategic accounts Acknowledged for driving decisions collaboratively, resolving conflicts and ensuring follow through with exceptional verbal and written communication skills Presentation skills with a high degree of comfort with both large and small audiences (Senior Executives, IT management and developers) Technical Degree: min of Bachelor of Computer Science or adjacent fields preferred Prior work experience in a Consulting/Architecture position within a software and/or services company such as SAP, SalesForce, Amazon, VMware, Google, IBM, Accenture, T-Systems, Wipro, CSC, HP, Infosys, ServiceNow, Dell, TCS, Rackspace, Softlayer desired Travel required: 0-30% Experiences Desired: Very good understanding/ experience on multiple SAP products and understanding of SAP roadmap Knowledge of Network Architecture and standards for large enterprise deployments (Cisco SAFE/Zoning models) and operation understanding security frameworks specific to IT Standards (PCI/PII/SOX/ETC) Storage technologies and testing specific to enterprise storage requirements (SAN/NAS/Object/Block) Monitoring tool proficiency (OMS, Solution Manager, Zenoss, Zabbix, Tivoli) 3+ years’ experience Hyper-Visor/Cloud/Networking: Able to design, deploy and troubleshoot solutions based on the following: Azure or AW0053 Working knowledge of SUSE or RedHat for SAP with preferred experience in SCP with Cloud Foundry Troubleshooting experience specific to network connectivity, storage performance, operating systems optimization 5+ years proficient operational experience with Linux operating systems (Suse/RHEL required). Experience in configuring packages, monitoring, and security for Linux By applying to this position, you are being considered for multiple like positions. Position specifics, including hiring team, location and position details, will be determined during the interview process. The job description should make clear the job responsibilities and required qualifications. By applying to this position, you are being considered for multiple like positions. Position specifics, including hiring team, location and position details, will be determined during the interview process. The job description should make clear the job responsibilities and required qualifications. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.