If you have a passion for problem solving in a manufacturing setting, then look no further than P3! As a global consulting, management and engineering services company, we develop and implement innovative solutions to today’s complex technology challenges and industry changes that help our clients succeed at every stage. As the Manufacturing Operations & Supplier Management Consultant you will independently develop customer specific solutions and are responsible for the onsite implementation at our global customers. In general, you will perform situational analysis, structure the task at hand, develop solutions within a team environment and optimize processes and structures. Within a team of experienced consultants, your core focus is manufacturing; including supporting suppliers during disruptions and breakdowns. As an assertive point of contact, demonstrating the ability to develop smart solutions, you will manage trouble-shooting activities onsite. _A Day in Life:_ Responsible for the successful development and execution of automotive lean manufacturing projects Communicate and collaborate directly with various Automotive OEM’s, Tier 1 and Tier 2 Suppliers Develop and analyze KPI’s while working with Quality and Operations teams to see that requirements are met and exceed client specifications and expectations Lead teams through production processes and events to develop value streams that assist with team prioritization Establish and maintain production reviews in accordance with client and site leadership requirements Manage overall project plans, scope, cost, risk, etc. _What You Have:_ Master/B.S. in Mechanical/Industrial Engineering or equivalent technical education or equivalent field of study preferred Minimum of 5+ years of professional experience preferably in automotive or aerospace within manufacturing companies Extensive hands on experience implementing lean methodologies at a shop floor level Experience with SAP training matrix Additional preferred skills: Cost controlling, lean manufacturing, six sigma, PMP certification Comprehensive knowledge of manufacturing methods and production systems Strong competence in problem-solving and a pragmatic hand-on approach Solid experience and in-depth experience in the automotive manufacturing industry preferred Experience in moderating and managing teams Substantial knowledge in project management including creating and managing project plans, scope, cost, risk, etc. Possess self-confidence, high motivation and an enthusiastic personality Ability to provide a hands-on approach and be a team player Strong social skills and ability to work on independent assignments and projects Excellent verbal and written English language skills as well as strong presentation skills (Spanish and/or German language skills are a plus) Strong applied knowledge in MS Office (Excel, PowerPoint, Project, etc.)