We are currently working on some amazing digital projects for clients such as Google, YouTube, Toyota and Lavazza. We work alongside Google Creative Lab to craft ideas, explore concepts and execute pixel perfect sites for projects such as Chrome Super Sync Sports, Life in a Day, Youtube SpaceLab, Google Science Fair and We L’Aquila to name just a few. We are looking for experienced front-end, HTML5 interactive developers, full-time or freelancers, to work on exciting, ground breaking web projects pushing the boundaries of what’s possible online. You will explore the very latest technologies to produce innovative interactive prototypes and game experiences for Google Creative Lab and other first class clients. This role also revolves around working closely with our top client, prototyping touch experiences using Javascript / CoffeScript and WebGL. Required Skills Canvas and HTML5 drawing API proficiency HTML5 and CSS3 expertise Ability to develop and test across multiple browsers, platforms, and devices including smartphones and tablets Strong knowledge & extensive experience with OO JavaScript Profound insights of how the web works and how to make it efficient (HTTP requests, caching, page rendering, DOM manipulation, etc.) Ability to learn new technologies quickly Bonus Skills Three.js and WebGL Google APIs (Maps, YouTube, Mobile, Ads, …) CoffeScript Node.js JS physics libraries (Ammo.js, Box2D JS etc.) Google Closure Library Google App Engine About Toaster Toaster crafts beautiful design with emerging technology to create connections between brands and people. Our multi-disciplinary teams act as a creative partner, exploring ideas, design and innovation. Our close-knit teams are based in London, San Francisco, Singapore and New Delhi. Together with our clients we’ve brought to life some of the internet’s most ground-breaking integrated digital campaigns, often used as benchmarks in the ever-evolving advertising industry. Creativity We strive to produce work which engages, informs, or inspires. Toaster’s people-first philosophy puts the user at the centre to create sticky campaigns for useful services and products which enable people, using the internet as a platform for engagement rather than as a soapbox. We're continually inspired by tackling things which have never been tried before. Design It’s a noisy world. Toaster produces communication and product design which is clean, crafted and stands out from the crowd, with solid art direction and attention to the details of every creative asset. Our designers understand what works (and what doesn't) for a wide range of media. We believe this is key to tackling the challenges of a fragmented marketing landscape. Technology Toaster’s experience at the forefront of technologies and the way people use them means we can create communications, products and services with impact. Fully versed in the pros and cons of emerging technologies, we provide consultancy, technical strategy and architecture, cross-stack development and quality assurance, all in-house. Our solutions are secure, robust and highly scalable. Powered by our deep knowledge of the Google Cloud Platform, we focus on database and CMS driven web applications, mobile apps and upcoming tech. We iterate quickly, with a comprehensive understanding of what's possible on digital devices. We regularly participate in hackathons; a fast, energetic, challenging exercise where we team up with clients to brainstorm new ideas and build prototypes over the course of just a few days. An extremely valuable approach which yields many ideas some of which are in production already. How to Apply We offer a competitive daily rate and (for some projects) the possibility to work remotely. Please submit your application to tech-jobs@toasterltd.com with “Interactive Developer – San Francisco” in the subject line, along with a cover letter and any sample URLs that show off your code and prove you’ll be able to hit the ground running.