Sustaining Engineer About Potrero Medical Potrero Medical is an exciting, high momentum, startup located in the San Francisco Bay Area. Our medical device, the Accuryn Monitoring System, received 510(k) clearance from the FDA in 2016 and helps hospitals accurately measure patients’ vital signs such as urine output, body core temperature, and intra-abdominal pressure. It is an exciting time for our company as Potrero Medical recently closed on $26.6 Million in oversubscribed Series C financing. At Potrero Medical, we bring together world-class experts to develop the next generation of smart sensors and artificial intelligence. Our goal is to advance Potrero's mission in Predictive Health and continue to provide accurate real time monitoring of patients’ vital signs. The team will need you to accomplish goals while being responsive, flexible, and able to succeed within an open environment built on a culture of teamwork and collaboration. Position Description Our new Sustaining Engineer will engage with an experienced cross-disciplinary team to support and advance operations for Potrero’s medical device development. We are looking for someone who enjoys working with all teams in our company such as Quality Assurance, Manufacturing, and Research & Development. You will have the opportunity to participate in design-for-manufacturing, cost reduction, testing, verification and validation, documentation, usability studies, and communicate with Potrero Medical’s suppliers and contract manufacturers. Major duties and responsibilities Interface with various departments of Potrero Medical to drive projects forward. Communicate with and visit vendors to refine operations and investigate new processes for cost reduction. Work closely with R&D; department to create testing protocols and verification documentation, update CAD drawings, and perform material validations. Use material properties & process knowledge to improve design for manufacturing. Work directly with R&D; for creation of prototype tooling, fixtures, and 3D prints. Compile test data and perform statistical analysis. Knowledge of MATLAB is a bonus. Contribute to manufacturing process development, working with manufacturing and quality engineers. Be familiar with medical device development life cycles, manufacturing processes, and technologies. Minimum Qualifications Minimum of a bachelor’s degree in engineering or science field. Minimum 3 to 5+ years of medical device industry experience. Quality assurance and documentation experience in the medical device industry. Experience with providing documentation for a FDA audit. Experience creating CAD drawings with good GD&T; practices. SolidWorks experience is a plus. Knowledge of material properties. Experience with manufacturing processes such as injection molding, extrusions, adhesive curing. Ability to focus on and achieve scheduled benchmarks, including contingency planning. Great verbal and written communication skills – ability to influence & accelerate progress and work well with a team. A drive to get the job done in the face of obstacles and time constraints, and a willingness to jump in wherever needed. Good time management skills are necessary. Assist in the development of manufacturing fixtures and instrumentation. Knowledge of Windows based software (such as Word, Excel, etc.) Able to commute to our facility in Hayward, CA (current facility is based in San Francisco, CA until October 2018) Enjoys hands on projects outside of work (automotive, robotics, home refurbishments, etc.) We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity in our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.