: End User Support Maintain functional proficiency to provide effective platform and application support. Provide direct daily support for user requests, incidents and problem management using industry best practices. Support requests will be initiated via phone, via the incident management systems and via support chat channels. Assist fellow team members in resolution of incidents and problems that are brought to your attention or that are directly escalated. Use incident escalation to identify opportunities to educate and mentor fellow team members in effective troubleshooting and problem resolution techniques. Maximize the use of remote management tools to enable rapid response to user support issues. Monitor, maintain and update daily status and detailed notes on support requests and tasks assigned in the incident tracking system. Assist users with identifying opportunities to streamline existing work processes by taking advantage of additional existing system functionality. Provide direct user support for issues escalated from internal and external service teams including those escalated outside of standard business hours. Troubleshooting and issue resolution Perform analysis on device or client application issues and take appropriate steps to resolve isolated or reoccurring issues. Address device configuration issues and ensure platforms and applications have been deployed following our standard governance. Restore deleted data as available and address data synchronization and retention issues. Review and leverage network and application monitoring tools to assist in the isolation of issues reported as poor or slow performance. Maintain a proficient understanding of the technology in use throughout the company including its purpose and architecture. This includes: Enterprise Business Applications Business area specific applications Network architecture and connectivity options Monitor alerts generated from management tools and applications to proactively address issues as they occur and escalate systemic issues for problem resolution. Monitor security audit dashboards for corrections to be made based on exceptions reported. Additional responsibilities in User Administration and Training required. Qualifications Essential Knowledge, Skills, Abilities, and Background: Bachelor’s degree in Business or Information Technology, Computer Science, Engineering, Finance or related field. 3-5 years’ related experience Maintain proficiency in aspects of application deployment and platform management tools. Build, manage, maintain and deploy device images, device policies and software application packages to client devices following prescribed procedure. Perform platform migrations and in place migrations to upgrade client hardware and OS levels as designated. As part of the office/job/plant startup process, conduct highly effective requirements gathering, perform timely provisioning, configuration and deployment of technology and services ensuring the requirements of the Allan Myers teams and Project Owners are met. Participate in the client hardware review and selection process Load Printer configurations including setup of network print queues and scan to email where appropriate. Load machine images and deploying new hardware as it is received. Enroll and configure hardware in device management solutions. Accurately update the asset tracking system for hardware and technology as it is deployed or returned. Deploy user specific configurations, profiles, applications. Overview Allan Myers is seeking a highly-qualified candidate to join our dynamic and growing Information Technology team as an IT Support Administrator. As the largest heavy civil construction company and materials provider in the Mid- Atlantic, Allan Myers has seven regional offices and 15 asphalt and aggregate plants. With a workforce of more than 2,000 hard working men and women, and our own extensive fleet of vehicles and equipment, there is no job that we can not tackle. The markets we serve include: design-build, site development, transportation, water, asphalt and aggregate production. The IT division is driven by a passion for innovation and technology and plays an important role in the success and growth of the company. INDHP