Requisition ID: 40681 All Locations: El Segundo, CA (California) A trusted partner. A national resource. A leader in national security space. We are THE Aerospace Corporation. A team that takes pride in our readiness to solve some of the most complex technical challenges in existence. With challenges spanning government to commercial, you’ll have the unique opportunity to work on projects that are literally evolving our nation's space and launch capabilities. We all share a common passion and aspiration – to serve a mission much bigger than ourselves. When you join our team, you’ll be part of a rare collection of thought leaders and game-changing innovators. Are you ready to launch your career? Responsibilities Aerospace is seeking a Software Developer for our Engineering Applications Department (EAD). EAD develops a wide variety of software applications and performs analyses for engineering needs to support civil, commercial, and national security space systems. EAD works with organizations seeking solutions for orbit visualization and planning, collision prediction, launch monitoring, anomaly investigation, structural analysis, modeling, simulation, and many other facets of space systems. Key Functions Support industry leading engineers and scientists in the development of maintainable high performance applications as well as the development of GUI and web applications. Support a wide variety of space and ground systems customers through algorithm and software development. Design, develop, and maintain software for a variety of engineering applications, including technical/scientific computing, high performance computing, simulations, web applications, and graphics visualization. Work on teams to help define innovative next generation space systems Qualifications This position can be filled as a Software Developer or Sr. Software Developer Required for Software Developer B.S. in Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, Engineering or related discipline. Two or more years of experience in developing applications Demonstrated proficiency in at least two object oriented programming languages. Demonstrated proficiency or knowledge of C++, Qt. Proficiency in web development frameworks and languages such as node.js Agility to quickly learn new programming languages. Ability to work both independently and cooperatively within a team. Good written and verbal communications skills. Required for Sr. Software Developer B.S. or M.S. in Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, Engineering or related discipline. Five or more years of experience developing applications Proficiency in two or more object oriented programming languages Proficiency in C++, Qt Hands on experience working with web development frameworks and languages such as node.js Ability to work both independently and cooperatively within a team. Professional written and verbal communications skills. Preferred M.S. degree in Computer Science Industry experience developing applications for web based frameworks or for scientific visualization. Proficiency in Java, C, Python. Experience developing web applications and web services. Experience with test driven development or agile development process. Experience with AWS Cloud or Azure Experience with UX/UI design Experience with DevOps Transcript Requirement Transcripts are required for this position. Additional Requisition Details System Job Title : MEMBER-TECH STF Clearance Requirement: Secret Access: None Polygraph: None Relocation Available: Yes Employment Type: Regular Work Schedule: Full Time Company Statement The Aerospace Corporation has provided independent technical and scientific research, development, and advisory services to national security space programs since 1960. We operate a federally funded research and development center (FFRDC) for the United States Air Force and the National Reconnaissance Office, and support all national security space programs. We also apply more than 50 years of experience with space systems to provide critical solutions to technologically complex systems in such areas as communications, shipping, law enforcement, and cyber, among others. From our inception, our highly skilled technical staff has focused on ensuring the success of every mission and developing the most effective and economic space-related hardware and software in the world. Our greatest asset is the technical expertise of our people. Our state-of-the-art laboratory facilities are staffed by some of the leading scientists in the world. Equal Opportunity Commitment The Aerospace Corporation is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. We believe that a diverse workforce creates an environment in which unique ideas are developed and differing perspectives are valued, producing superior customer solutions. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, gender, gender identity or expression, color, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, or disability status. You can also review The Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law poster and the supplement, as well as the Pay Transparency Policy Statement.