Design and implement complex systems in the Data Center, including high performance scale-out storage, large virtual machine environments, backup & archive systems, monitoring systems, etc. Help with efforts to migrate relevant technologies to cloud-hosted platforms. Author scripts & software to achieve necessary workflows (proficiency with Python, PERL, JavaScript or similar language a must). Lead efforts to plan and execute installation projects, including large replacements/expansions of equipment. Acquire and maintain expert knowledge of the WDAS Data Center, including expert knowledge of HVAC and electrical infrastructure. Work with engineers from other groups to address changes & issues as needed. Work with team to schedule and perform necessary maintenance, upgrades and troubleshooting of all systems in the Data Center and related areas. Allow flexible work schedule to accommodate disruptive maintenance events. Help to create annual budget for technology purchases relating to the Data Center. This includes equipment ‘recaps’, new technologies, maintenance, etc. Help to maintain runbook of all Data Center processes and protocols, Lead efforts to create/update a detailed business continuity plan. Help to design/improve backup, disaster recovery, and archive systems & processes for all critical data. Work with hardware vendors to evaluate new technologies. Minimum 5 years experience in enterprise data center engineering & administration Expert knowledge of Linux, deep experience with common Linux environment administration (Red Hat, etc). Proficiency with Python, Perl, JavaScript or similar scripting language Familiarity with Mac / Windows administration. Experience building and administering common scale-out/high performance storage systems, such as Isilon, Qumulo, NetApp Experience designing and administering virtual computing environments, such as VMware, RHEV, Kubernetes, Docker, etc Strong understanding of computer room design, installation, configuration, troubleshooting, monitoring, and security procedures. Experience designing and administering common backup technologies and products, such as NetBackup and Bareos, Quantum, LTO Experience with CG Animation, Visual Effects, or Video Game production environments Strong understanding of network technology and communication principles Familiarity with common systems tools and protocols (e.g. SNMP, OpenView, Nagios, iperf, Zabbix) Familiarity with DevOps practices BS related to Information Technology, Computer Systems This position is with Walt Disney Pictures DisneySystemsOps Walt Disney Animation Studios’ world-class filmmakers, artists and technical wizards collaborate to create the magic of animation. Bring your unique talents, passion and ideas to our team and prepare to play in a creative environment. The Systems Engineer will help to lead efforts on the Data Center team to design, implement and administer complex systems in the Studio’s data center & related areas. This includes 100+ servers, enterprise storage & render hardware, large scale backup & archive systems and other complex systems that provide foundational services for the Studio. This role will take part in designing & implementing complex systems and creating/improving workflows between systems. This includes developing software as needed. The Systems Engineer will collaborate with other engineers and support staff to address challenges, plan/lead projects throughout the year, and identify long-term technical goals.This position is with Walt Disney Pictures DisneySystemsOps 522674