Description/Job Summary Job Overview: The Host/Hostess greets and seats guests in a friendly and courteous manner, receives payment and assists other service personnel as needed to provide total guest satisfaction. Responds to and addresses guests' concerns. The general responsibilities of the position include those listed below, but Sodexo may identify other responsibilities of the position. These responsibilities may differ among accounts, depending on business necessities and client requirements. _General Responsibilities:_ Greets guests immediately in a friendly manner upon arrival and acknowledges at departure. Demonstrates a sense of urgency and meets service cycle timing standards. Seats guests at clean, dry tables, utilizing proper seating rotation. Determines and provides for any special needs of guests. Maintains guest waiting list and adheres to proper seating order procedures. Describes promotions while seating guests; takes initial beverage order. Attends to any other guest needs during the entire dining experience as warranted. Addresses complaints promptly in a courteous manner, and notifies the supervisor of any issues. Assists service personnel in providing beverage orders and refills, and clearing and setting tables. Willingly assists other team members without being asked. Maintains proper supply of clean menus. Demonstrates knowledge of station and floor breakdowns. Possesses strong product and menu knowledge. Completes all required side-work, including deep-cleaning assignments. May be held accountable to proper cash-handling procedures. Provides courteous service and is cordial to all team members and guests. Attends all allergy and foodborne illness in-service training. Complies with all Sodexo HACCP policies and procedures. Reports all accidents and injuries in a timely manner. Complies with all company safety and risk management policies and procedures. Participates in regular safety meetings, safety training and hazard assessments. Attends training programs (classroom and virtual) as designated. May perform other duties and responsibilities as assigned. _Job Qualifications:_ _Experience/Knowledge:_ High School diploma, GED, or equivalent experience. 0 to 1 year related experience. _Skills/Aptitude:_ Presents self in a highly professional manner to others and understands that honesty and ethics are essential. Ability to maintain a positive attitude. Ability to communicate with co-workers and other departments with professionalism and respect. Maintains a professional relationship with all coworkers, vendor representatives, supervisors, managers, customers, and client representatives. Ability to use a computer. Must have the ability to communicate effectively in English, both orally and in writing. Must be able to work unsupervised. Must be able to communicate clearly with managers, kitchen and dining room personnel. Must have excellent customer service skills. _License/Qualifications_ Certifications: None. _General Qualifications:_ Willingness to be open to learning and growing. Maturity of judgment and behavior. Maintains high standards for work areas and appearance. Maintains a positive attitude. Ability to work a flexible schedule helpful. Must comply with any dress code requirements. Must be able to work nights, weekends and some holidays. Attends work and shows up for scheduled shift on time with satisfactory regularity. _Physical Requirements:_ Close vision, distance vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and the ability to adjust focus, with or without corrective lenses. Significant walking or other means of mobility. Ability to work in a standing position for long periods of time (up to 8 hours). Ability to reach, bend, stoop, push and/or pull, and frequently lift up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift/move 40 pounds. _Working Conditions (may add additional conditions specific to defined work location):_ Generally in an indoor setting; however, may supervise outside activities and events. Varying schedule to include evenings, holidays, weekends and extended hours as business dictates. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is primarily in a controlled, temperate environment; however, may be exposed to heat/cold during support of outside activities. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate to loud.