The ACLU is seeking a full-time Data Reporting Analyst focused on creating compelling reports and dashboard solutions alongside teams of Data Scientists, Data Engineers and business users to enable the use of innovative data-driven methods and advanced analytics to transform the way the nationwide organization approaches all facets of its mission, including advocacy, communications, and fundraising. This includes collaborating with stakeholders to define their reporting needs, building compelling self-service reporting assets, and working across the organization to improve our data literacy and reporting capabilities. This role will have a particular focus on supporting our advocacy and fundraising goals through working with our membership data, polling, and voter files, to support and guide the work of our digital engagement, field organizing, and political advocacy teams. Experience from a political campaign data team a plus, but not required. The Data Reporting Analyst will be the center of knowledge throughout the organization and will act as a champion for the many opportunities for business users to better understand ACLU data. The Data Reporting Analyst will work with the rest of the Data and Analytics team to play a leading role in designing the ACLU’s reporting/BI infrastructure, building out reporting and visualization assets, and deploying solutions to help the ACLU identify meaningful insights, inform strategic decisions, and enhance modes of constituent engagement. The person in the role will join the Data & Analytics team in New York, led by the Chief Analytics Officer. ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES The Data Reporting Analyst will be responsible for: Working directly with development, political advocacy, and field organizers on understanding member and voter engagement in the 2018 midterms and beyond Researching and developing analytic reporting solutions in furtherance of the ACLU’s overall mission and strategic direction Working across ACLU teams and relevant vendors to create compelling reports, evaluate existing reporting solutions, and democratize access to data and information Developing deep relationships with business consumers of data and analytics to improve data-driven decision making and business relevance of data and analytics products Developing a deep-understanding of the broad range of data sources within the organization, and seek mechanisms to make data-comprehension common across the organization Working across teams to develop a coordinated data strategy including platform choices, common reports to generate / build into tools / automate, and meaningful mechanisms/processes for improving data and visualizations available to ACLU teams for decision making and strategic planning Partnering across analytics projects on data reporting, supporting the efforts across full use cases – ideation, data preparation, exploratory visualization, descriptive analytics, and accessible reporting Designing and delivering KPIs and other reports for a broad range of stakeholders that support ACLU leadership in measuring success and driving strategic decision making Supporting relationships with vendors of reporting products and evaluating new tools and products to augment existing capabilities and inform contract negotiations Informing the specifications and development of reporting enhancements that deepen engagement in the ACLU’s work on a broad range of civil liberties issues Demonstrating a commitment to diversity within the office using a personal approach that values all individuals and respects differences in regards to race, ethnicity, age, gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, religion, ability, socio-economic circumstance, and record of arrest or conviction Commitment to work collaboratively and respectfully toward resolving obstacles and/or conflicts EXPERIENCE AND QUALIFICATIONS 1-3+ years of experience building analytics reports and visualizations using a variety of tools in a political campaign, non-profit, or business setting Undergraduate degree in an analytical field (i.e., Economics, Psychology, Computer Science, Business, etc.) or equivalent experience Experience with a variety of dashboarding/reporting (Tableau, Looker, etc.) and ETL tools solutions Fluency with data retrieval from relational databases via SQL and other coding mechanisms Familiarity with NGP VAN and other organizing tools a plus Experience working with voter files a plus Experience working to understand business users needs and delivering end-to-end solutions collaboratively Ability to balance multiple priorities, communicate goals and build consensus to work effectively within and across departments. Passion for civil liberties and civil rights, especially regarding privacy and the fight against discrimination COMPENSATION The ACLU offers a generous and comprehensive compensation and benefits package, commensurate with experience and within the parameters of the ACLU compensation scale. HOW TO APPLY Please send a cover letter and resume to hrjobsdata@aclu.org. Reference [DATA-16] in subject line. Please note that this is not the general ACLU email address. This email address is specific to the department. In order to ensure your application is received please make certain it is sent to the correct e-mail address. You can expect to receive an automatic response that acknowledges the submission of application materials. _Please indicate in your cover letter where you learned of this career opportunity._ _Applications will be accepted until the position is filled._ This job description provides a general but not comprehensive list of the essential responsibilities and qualifications required. It does not represent a contract of employment. The ACLU reserves the right to change the job description and/or posting at any time without advance notice. The Department of Education has determined that employment in this position at the ACLU does not qualify for the Public Service Loan Forgiveness Program.