35N Signals Intelligence Analyst Job ID : 976424 Job Views : 82 Location: AUSTIN, Texas, United States ZIP Code: 78703 Job Category: Signal and Military Intelligence Posted: 08.02.2018 Age Requirements: Must be between the ages of 17 and 35 Job Description The Army National Guard uses powerful technology to collect information from foreign signals and it's the Signals Intelligence Analyst that makes it possible to use this information to the advantage of the Army National Guard. Analyzing foreign communications helps our military experts better plan our Nation's defense. As a Signals Intelligence Analyst, you would intercept and analyze foreign communications, as well as relay intelligence reports regarding combat, strategic, and tactical intelligence information. You would also study and locate radio signals to understand the tactics and organization of foreign military forces. Plus, your experience as a Signals Intelligence Analyst may qualify you to work for Government agencies like the National Security Agency, the FBI, and the CIA. There are also related jobs in private electronics and communications companies. Earn while you learn Instead of paying to learn these skills, get paid to train. In the Army National Guard, you will learn these valuable job skills while earning a regular paycheck and qualifying for tuition assistance. Job training for a Signals Intelligence Analyst requires 10 weeks of Basic Training, where you learn basic Soldiering skills, and 24 weeks of Advanced Individual Training, which includes practice in operating radio equipment. Requires military enlistment. Applicants must meet minimum qualifications. Actual MOS assignment may depend on MOS availability. Benefits subject to change. Benefits/Requirements Benefits Paid training A monthly paycheck Montgomery GI Bill Retirement benefits for part-time service Low-cost life insurance (up to $400,000 in coverage) 401(k)-type savings plan Student Loan Repayment Program (up to $50,000, for existing loans) Healthcare Benefits Available Requirements High School Diploma or GED Must be between the ages of 17 and 35 Must be able to pass a physical exam and meet legal and moral standards Must meet citizenship requirements (see NATIONALGUARD.com for details) Most non-prior service candidates will earn between $196.26 and $254.91 per drill weekend. Programs and benefits are subject to change. This position may qualify for a bonus, ask your National Guard recruiter for the most up-to-date information.