Government Markets is hiring a Senior Business Systems Analyst to join its Stars and Risk Data Adjustment Team. This professional will be responsible for analyzing and automating a variety of data associated with Risk Adjustment supplemental programs for Medicare Advantage Risk Adjustment. Using tools including SQL Server, SSIS and SSRS, the Senior Business Systems Analyst will develop clear business specification, troubleshoot and recommend solutions to improve the quality of management reporting for Government Markets Unit. The Senior Business Systems Analyst will also participate in various corporate wide projects that will drive system initiatives and database projects. Advanced analytical technical and problem solving skills. Ability to persuade, negotiate and resolve issues. Ability to define complex business issues and determine "best fit" solutions. Specific duties: Define business requirements to address strategic objectives for Risk and Stars programs Develop and lead processes to define systems scope and objectives based on both user needs and a thorough understanding of business systems and industry requirements. Lead supplemental programs impact analysis and identify ways to improve performance for both risk and Stars. Provide Formal Requirements Communication Plans. Conduct requirements presentation reviews, and obtain requirements approvals. Development of an organization’s programmer analysis methodology and/or best practices. Statistical Analysis/benchmarking, risk score and Stars forecasting Analyze complex datasets to identify opportunities for CMS program enhancements Perform specific duties of the Senior BSA as required. Required Experience Bachelor’s Degree in Business, Finance, Economics, Mathematics or Information Systems/Science 4-6 years’ experience in a similar role Demonstrated strong analytical, communication and interpersonal skills Knowledge of CMS Medicare programs is a plus Knowledge of Tableau data visualization software Expert level knowledge of SQL Server, SSIS, SSRS Expert level knowledge of MS Access, Excel, PowerPoint and MS Project Knowledge of statistical software (R or SAS) is a plus