Known for being a great place to work and build a career, KPMG provides audit, tax and advisory services for organizations in today's most important industries. Our growth is driven by delivering real results for our clients. It's also enabled by our culture, which encourages individual development, embraces an inclusive environment, rewards innovative excellence and supports our communities. With qualities like those, it's no wonder we're consistently ranked among the best companies to work for by Fortune Magazine, Consulting Magazine, Working Mother Magazine, Diversity Inc. and others. If you're as passionate about your future as we are, join our team. KPMG is currently seeking a Director in CIO Advisory for our Management Consulting practice. Responsibilities: Drive the profitable growth of cloud strategy and transformation consulting services Manage client engagement staffing, financials, quality, and risk Define and build innovative solution methodologies and assets around the cloud operating model Recruit, manage, train, and mentor Advisory staff and adhere to professional practice requirements Develop, maintain, and manage relationships with client executives and engagement sponsors Lead the sale and delivery of large and complex client cloud strategy and transformation engagements Qualifications: Three years of cloud strategy and transformation leadership including cloud services (IaaS/PaaS) implementation & migration to public, private or hybrid cloud. Has managed an enterprise cloud transformation from strategy through execution Minimum three years of technology and cloud services architecture development. Technology experience, including IaaS/PaaS (Azure, AWS or Google), infrastructure automation/orchestration technologies (e.g. Chef, Puppet, BladeLogic), server, storage, high availability architecture. Additional desirable experience in collaboration, DevOps, IT Operations Automation, database/application server architecture, network architecture and design, information security and IT operations/IT service management Bachelor's degree from an accredited college/university, Master of Business Administration (MBA) is preferred and past or current certifications (e.g. Microsoft, AWS, Google, IBM, Cisco, and VMware) is preferred Executive presence, very strong leadership, business, technical, analytical, problem solving and verbal and written communication skills with willingness to travel up to 80 percent of the time. Consulting experience preferred Business development and practice/team management experience KPMG LLP (the U.S. member firm of KPMG International) offers a comprehensive compensation and benefits package. KPMG is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, age, sex/gender, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, physical or mental handicap unrelated to ability, pregnancy, veteran status, unfavorable discharge from military service, genetic information, personal appearance, family responsibility, matriculation or political affiliation, status with regard to public assistance, or other legally protected status. KPMG maintains a drug-free workplace. KPMG will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state or federal law (including San Francisco Ordinance number 131192). No phone calls or agencies please.