Los Gatos, California Data Engineering and Infrastructure Netflix is the leading online video subscription service, reaching millions of US and international households. Netflix became well known as a data driven company for our personalized recommendations, but our use of data doesn't stop there. From testing new features for the website to measuring performance across many devices to making wise choices about content, we use our petabytes of data to move the business forward. To do that we have built a big data platform that, along with the rest of our infrastructure, lives in the cloud and will continue to grow with us as we expand. This platform is used by engineers, analysts and data scientists to leverage our data to do interesting and impactful analysis and allow Netflix to continue to innovate. The Data Experience team is working to make it as easy and efficient as possible to work with all of this data. We’re building a cohesive experience to make information more accessible, insightful and actionable by improving discovery, surfacing context and enabling self- service. To deliver a meaningful user experience, we are building a lightweight browser-based application that provides our stakeholders a consistent way to interact with the big data platform. Our work will enable engineers to leverage complex relationships between massive datasets while providing them a way to extend the platform by reusing features and patterns. We are looking for someone who is deeply technical, obsesses over tiny details, and has an unwavering passion for building delightful products. The ideal candidate should be an expert in developing reusable components and features for browser-based apps. This may be your dream job if you: Value simplicity and clarity in design. Our engineering strongly reflects this value. Have a strong background in front-end development and familiarity with working across the stack. Want to build a stunning front-end experience. Enjoy staying up to date with the changing JavaScript ecosystem. Want to build a platform to solve interesting data problems. Passionate about microinteractions that lead to delightful experiences. Pride yourself in building reusable assets that the community can leverage. Are self-led but highly aligned with your teammates; we develop fast, and align daily. We’re looking for you to have experience with: Modern JavaScript standards and web fundamentals. Building data-intensive and interactive web applications. Contributing to a reusable style guide and UI toolkit. Leveraging HTML5 and CSS and can make the right choices when building responsive UI applications. The intricacies of the DOM and have command over the APIs and their performance implications. Design tools like Sketch, Adobe XD as a plus. We need you to bring strong development expertise and an appreciation for delivering delightful designs to help us build meaningful solutions. You will need an excellent ability to communicate across our team and the organization. Your experience can come from a variety of places including work experience, formal or informal education. You will have ample opportunities to grow professionally, to contribute both inside and outside of Netflix, and to enable Netflix to bring moments of joy around the world. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.