Job no: 498741 Brand: IT Operations & Solutions Work type: Full time Location: Massachusetts Categories: Business Support StudentUniverse is a fast growing travel company and we’re looking for a Business Intelligence Analyst to help optimize our online pricing strategy. As the Business Intelligence analyst, you will leverage your strong analytical skills to monitor and evaluate revenue performance and execute pricing strategies. You will also be tasked with creating visual reporting in Tableau, recommend pricing levels, and develop revenue budget and forecasts. The analyst will be required to articulate revenue management concepts and pricing strategies to business partners across Finance, Operations, Sales, and Marketing. The ideal candidate will be passionate about monitoring and evaluating revenue performance and executing pricing strategies on our website. Responsibilities: Maintain accurate and competitive pricing that meets the objectives for the product line. Develop pricing strategy based on sales trends, competitive environment, revenue goals, or cost of good changes Maintain and recommend air pricing revisions & air margin levels to change pricing strategy on an as needed basis Communicate product financial performance and coordinate with teams to ensure actions and strategy are executed Analyze sales trends and profits to measure city pair competitive analysis and recommend necessary actions Communicate weekly updates on goals to appropriate team members. Assist in forecast process for origins and destinations. Skills & Requirements: Bachelor’s degree in business related field; preferably economics, finance, statistics, or marketing. Knowledge of computer spreadsheets and word processing programs. Knowledge of basic marketing principles and financial analysis. Excellent written and verbal communication skills Great organizational skills with excellent attention to detail Ability to work independently and operate effectively within a team environment Excellent mathematical and analytical skills with an ability to solve problems under time constraints Superior time management skills and the ability to remain agile in a rapidly changing environment Ability to work well under stress and manage multiple projects at one time. Working knowledge of Tableau About StudentUniverse StudentUniverse empowers young adults to experience the world with discount travel. For students and those under 26, our cheap flights, hotels and tours make it affordable to travel anywhere you want to go. Although we specialize in student and youth discounts, most of our promo codes apply for all ages. StudentUniverse launched in 2000 and is headquartered in Boston with offices in London, New York and the Philippines. StudentUniverse believes that travel is essential to a modern education. Millions of students use our service every year. Company Benefits: Relaxed, casual work environment, including flexible hours and work from home policies Onsite gym and locker room available 24/7 Happy hour(s), parties, boat cruises and team social events Break room stocked with snacks and refreshments Travel discounts and free airline tickets and vouchers Location: Waltham, MA StudentUniverse is an EEO/AA employer. Applications close: