Are you tired of working in retail or the food service industry? CornerStone is recruiting Social Media Chat Agents for a progressive company in the North Dallas area. Our client is looking to hire associates ASAP - don't delay, apply with us today! Job Title: Social Media Chat Agent Location: North Dallas Pay: $10.75/hr. Long Term Career Opportunity/Temp to Hire Schedule: Must be flexible to work between 6:00am and 1:00am. Set schedules with frequent shift bids opportunities. Schedule will include weekends and holidays. Training Schedules: 6:00am to 3:00pm and 2:00pm to 11:00pm Job Description: You will be answering chat messages via social media NO PHONES! Most chat messages will only require 1 response! You will utilize an in-house search engine to quickly find responses to all inquiries WORK PERKS: Progressive company utilizes artificial intelligence to provide amazing service! Consistent schedule and hours Room for growth!! The company acts as a launching point into the corporate world! Lunches with the CEO, prizes, and giveaways all for your performance! State of the art facility and FUN environment Casual dress code World class training opportunities this company invests in YOU as a person and an employee Requirements: GED/High School Diploma Ability to provide superior customer service Desire to grow within the company Work well in a team environment Application Process Includes: Drug testing Background check Clerical testing WANT THE FASTEST RESPONSE FROM US? Come to the Dallas office to interview with a recruiter Monday - Thursday promptly at 9am: CornerStone Staffing Dallas 1845 Woodall Rodgers Fwy, Suite 1000 Dallas, TX 75201 We have free visitor's parking on the first level of our parking garage which you can enter off of St. Paul street To Apply for this Job: Click the Apply Online button at the top of this page, or below this job description, then: If you are currently registered with CornerStone Staffing, click the I have a username and password and want to log in button to add yourself as a candidate to this job. If your are NOT currently registered with CornerStone Staffing, click the I need to register button to complete the application.