1st Shift - Sunday thru Thursday Honor Foods is looking for a Warehouse Supervisor that will be responsible for coordinating and supervising all warehouse activities on a daily basis under the direction of the Operations Manager. A successful individual will actively supervise the receiving, warehousing, and shipping of product in a manner consistent with company service level objectives and cost objectives. They must meet key KPI’s targets relative to accuracy of product selected and shipped to customers. The warehouse supervisor will assist in development of warehouse associate’s skills. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Supervise and coordinate unloading and orderly slotting of inbound shipments and picking, staging, and loading of outbound shipments in a timely, cost-efficient manner. Ensure the safe and efficient operation of all materials handling equipment within a safe work environment. Communication, coordination and support of all policies and procedures within the warehouse and company. Conduct performance reviews and implement/ manage development plans for supervised staff. Train assigned personnel to accurately and consistently use warehouse management systems. Communicate work expectations and results achieved to assigned personnel. Participate in establishing work schedules; ensure that schedules are correctly implemented and jobs are assigned effectively and completed properly. Maintain a clean, neat, and orderly work area as well as assist in maintaining the warehouse in a safe and secure manner. Complete all necessary records and reports in a timely and accurate fashion. Assure the integrity of inventory. Develop and maintain a productive work team by helping to create programs for training and professional development. Involved in interview, hiring, review, discipline and termination process for day warehouse personnel. Ensure that all union associates comply with the provision of the Collective Bargaining Agreement (CBA) its related Work Rules and company safety policies and procedures and applicable Standard Operating Procedures (SOP'S). Takes action through coaching and counseling of both associates and management to correct behaviors and methods to prevent future occurrences. Monitors a variety of operational information, such as "mis-picks" and productivity reports, to insure individual order selectors and the entire shift are meeting rates and following preferred methods. Takes action through coaching and counseling to correct behaviors Analyzes the current operations and makes recommendations to improve on expense and cost control. Works with operations management team to identify sources of inventory shrink and assists in development of an action plan. Communicate with buyers on stock shorts, overages, and damages to correct problems and to reduce customer shortages Other duties as assigned Requirements: Education: High School diploma or general equivalency degree required, four-year degree preferred. Proficient with operating a personal computer and use of MS Excel/Word/Outlook/PowerPoint and other required program Prior warehouse experience with inventory control and distribution policy/procedure. Food distribution industry experience and safety knowledge preferred. Previous successful management experience (communication, coaching, organizational skills) preferred. Ability to perform well in a team environment. Ability to work and lead positively and cooperatively with others to create effective work relationships across temperatures and departments. Willingness to pursue opportunities for on-going education and acquire knowledge to continually increase supervisory skills. Ability to accept changing work demands and seek opportunities to improve warehouse operations. Excellent organizational skills Occasional overnight travel required; ability to independently travel as needed, without restriction, by all modes of transportation, including car, plane or train for training or meetings. Must maintain a valid state driver’s license and safe driving record KNOWLEDGE & SKILLS: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Analytical \- Synthesizes complex or diverse information; Collects and researches data; Uses intuition and experience to complement data; Designs work flows and procedures. Problem Solving \- Identifies and resolves problems in a timely manner; Gathers and analyzes information skillfully; Develops alternative solutions; Works well in group problem solving situations; Uses reason even when dealing with emotional topics. Project Management \- Develops project plans; Coordinates projects; Communicates changes and progress; Completes projects on time and budget; Manages project team activities. Technical Skills \- Assesses own strengths and weaknesses; Pursues training and development opportunities; Strives to continuously build knowledge and skills; Shares expertise with others. Interpersonal Skills \- Focuses on solving conflict, not blaming; Maintains confidentiality; Listens to others without interrupting; Keeps emotions under control; Remains open to others' ideas and tries new things. Oral Communication \- Speaks clearly and persuasively in positive or negative situations; Listens and gets clarification; Responds well to questions; Demonstrates group presentation skills; Participates in meetings. Written Communication \- Writes clearly and informatively; Edits work for spelling and grammar; Varies writing style to meet needs; Presents numerical data effectively; Able to read and interpret written information. Teamwork \- Balances team and individual responsibilities; Exhibits objectivity and openness to others' views; Gives and welcomes feedback; Contributes to building a positive team spirit; Puts success of team above own interests; Able to build morale and group commitments to goals and objectives; Supports everyone's efforts to succeed. Visionary Leadership \- Displays passion and optimism; Inspires respect and trust; Mobilizes others to fulfill the vision; Provides vision and inspiration to peers and subordinates. Change Management \- Develops workable implementation plans; Communicates changes effectively; Builds commitment and overcomes resistance; Prepares and supports those affected by change; Monitors transition and evaluates results. Delegation \- Delegates work assignments; Matches the responsibility to the person; Gives authority to work independently; Sets expectations and monitors delegated activities; Provides recognition for results. Leadership \- Exhibits confidence in self and others; Inspires and motivates others to perform well; Effectively influences actions and opinions of others; Accepts feedback from others; Gives appropriate recognition to others. Managing People \- Includes staff in planning, decision-making, facilitating and process improvement; Takes responsibility for subordinates' activities; Makes self-available to staff; Provides regular performance feedback; Develops subordinates' skills and encourages growth; Solicits and applies customer feedback (internal and external); Fosters quality focus in others; Improves processes, products and services.; Continually works to improve supervisory skills. Cost Consciousness \- Works within approved budget; Develops and implements cost saving measures; Contributes to profits and revenue; Conserves organizational resources. Diversity \- Demonstrates knowledge of EEO policy; Shows respect and sensitivity for cultural differences; Educates others on the value of diversity; Promotes a harassment-free environment; Builds a diverse workforce. Ethics \- Treats people with respect; Keeps commitments; Inspires the trust of others; Works with integrity and ethically; Upholds organizational values. Organizational Support \- Follows policies and procedures; Completes administrative tasks correctly and on time; Supports organization's goals and values; Benefits organization through outside activities; Supports affirmative action and respects diversity. Strategic Thinking \- Develops strategies to achieve organizational goals; Understands organization's strengths & weaknesses; Analyzes market and competition; Identifies external threats and opportunities; Adapts strategy to changing conditions. Judgment \- Displays willingness to make decisions; Exhibits sound and accurate judgment; Supports and explains reasoning for decisions; Includes appropriate people in decision-making process; Makes timely decisions. Motivation \- Sets and achieves challenging goals; Demonstrates persistence and overcomes obstacles; Measures self against standard of excellence; Takes calculated risks to accomplish goals. Planning/Organizing \- Prioritizes and plans work activities; Uses time efficiently; Plans for additional resources; Sets goals and objectives; Organizes or schedules other people and their tasks; Develops realistic action plans. Professionalism \- Approaches others in a tactful manner; Reacts well under pressure; Treats others with respect and consideration regardless of their status or position; Accepts responsibility for own actions; Follows through on commitments. Quality Management \- Looks for ways to improve and promote quality; Demonstrates accuracy and thoroughness; Applies feedback to improve performance; Monitors own work to ensure quality. Quantity \- Meets productivity standards; Completes work in timely manner; Strives to increase productivity; Works quickly. Safety and Security \- Observes safety and security procedures; Determines appropriate action beyond guidelines; Reports potentially unsafe conditions; Uses equipment and materials properly. Adaptability \- Adapts to changes in the work environment; Manages competing demands; Changes approach or method to best fit the situation; Able to deal with frequent change, delays, or unexpected events. Attendance/Punctuality \- Is consistently at work and on time; Ensures work responsibilities are covered when absent; Arrives at meetings and appointments on time. Dependability \- Follows instructions, responds to management direction; Takes responsibility for own actions; Keeps commitments; Commits to long hours of work when necessary to reach goals; Completes tasks on time or notifies appropriate person with an alternate plan. Initiative \- Volunteers readily; Undertakes self-development activities; Seeks increased responsibilities; Takes independent actions and calculated risks; Looks for and takes advantage of opportunities; Asks for and offers help when needed. Innovation \- Displays original thinking and creativity; Meets challenges with resourcefulness; Generates suggestions for improving work; Develops innovative approaches and ideas; Presents ideas and information in a manner that gets others' attention. EXTENT OF PUBLIC CONTACT: Must be able to interact courteously and tactfully with managers, co-workers, customers and/or vendors to the point that productivity and morale are positively affected. PHYSICAL DEMANDS: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee in order to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit, use hands and fingers, handle or feel, reach with hands and arms, and talk and hear. The employee is frequently required to stand and walk. The employee must regularly lift and/or move up to 50 pounds and frequently lift and/or move up to 100 pounds. WORKING CONDITIONS AND ENVIRONMENT: Extensive standing and/ or walking. Temperature extremes may vary from -10 degrees below zero to high heat and humidity. Availability and willingness to work flexible hours as needed. EEO Statement: Honor Foods, is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer and will not discriminate against or harass any applicant or employee on any grounds prohibited under any federal, state or local law, including race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation, marital status or membership in any other legally protected class. None of the questions in our application are intended to elicit information regarding any protected characteristics, nor imply any limitation; illegal preferences or discrimination based up non-job related information or protected characteristics. About Honor Foods _Honor Foods, a division of Burris Logistics, is one of the Mid-Atlantic's largest, most trusted Foodservice redistribution companies. Celebrating over 65 years of service, we specialize in grocery, frozen and dairy foods._