NYCERS is seeking a highly skilled, hands-on Database Administrator with extensive experience on IBM DB2 LUW and Microsoft SQL Server. The Database Administrator will be part of the DBA team and will work closely with all areas of IT to insure maximum data quality and availability.Responsibilities: ?Candidate must have extensive experience in DB2 LUW and Microsoft SQL Server.?Serve as a subject-matter expert (SME) for software development best practices, data migration and conversion, data integrity, system integrations, system performance and tuning.?Mentor development staff on integrating new database technologies with new and existing systems.?Design and build data services to integrate with the Enterprise Service Bus (ESB) for data sharing needs.?Develop, design, configure and document database architecture, including software, hardware and physical layout.?Perform best practice database troubleshooting; fix data corruption; perform backup and disaster recovery; perform daily DBA tasks?Manage distributed databases, SSIS packages and SSRS.?Participate in functional, performance and security testing.?Assist developers and end users with implementation best practices.?Handle special projects and initiatives as assigned. Minimum Qual Requirements Professional/Vendor Certification, Education and Experience Requirements: By the last day of the Application Period you must have current professional/vendor certifications. In addition, by the last day of the Application Period, you must have one of the following: 1. A masters degree in computer science or a related computer field from an accredited college or university, accredited by regional, national, professional, or specialized agencies recognized as accrediting bodies by the U.S. Secretary of Education and by the Council for Higher Education Accreditation (CHEA) AND 12 months of satisfactory full-time (not classroom based) specialized database administration and development experience, including Database Administration, Data Modeling and Database Design, Testing, Technical Writing, and Version Control; OR 2. A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college or university, accredited by regional, national, professional, or specialized agencies recognized as accrediting bodies by the U.S. Secretary of Education and by the Council for Higher Education Accreditation (CHEA) AND 24 months of satisfactory full-time (not classroom based) specialized experience as described in ?1? above; OR 3. A four-year high school diploma or its educational equivalent approved by a State?s Department of Education or a recognized accrediting organization AND 24 months of satisfactory full-time (not classroom based) specialized experience as described in ?1? above plus 48 months of information technology experience as described in the IT Task Inventory ; OR 4. A satisfactory combination of education and experience which is equivalent to ?3? above. Education may be substituted for the information technology experience on the basis of 30 semester credits from an accredited college or university, accredited by regional, national, professional, or specialized agencies recognized as accrediting bodies by the U.S. Secretary of Education and by the Council for Higher Education Accreditation (CHEA) is equivalent to 12 months of experience, up to a maximum of 48 months. However, if you qualify under options ?2,? ?3? or ?4,? you must have at least a four-year high school diploma or its educational equivalent approved by a State?s Department of Education or a recognized accrediting organization and at least 24 months of satisfactory full-time (not classroom based) specialized information technology experience as described in ?1? above. IT Task Inventory: When you are online, you may read the tasks in the IT Task Inventory by clicking on the Task Inventory button above the online Notice of Examination. Read the Task Inventory carefully to make sure that you have the work experience to meet the minimum qualification requirements. Preferred Skills The successful candidate should possess the following: 7+ years of experience as a D82 DBA with S+ years experience as a Microsoft Sql Server DBA.Must have excellent verbal and written communication skills with the ability to discuss technical, functional, data security, and managerial information clearly and concisely to ensure technical and non-technical parties.Must be familiar with SQL data to JSON and XML.Experience in database security and auditingExperience monitoring multiple databases Advanced knowledge of database performance management and tuning.Experience performing database migrations;Experience analyzing current database performance and making projections for future growth (CPU usage as well as storage growth). To Apply Please click the "apply" button and submit your resume and cover letter, indicate agency tracking number 009-18-0005. Residency Requirement New York City Residency is not required for this position