Age of Learning is a leading education technology innovator based in Glendale, California, with a talented team of more than 600 individuals—from educators, developers, artists, writers, designers, and engineers, to producers, product managers, and marketing experts. We are the creators of the award-winning ABCmouse.com ® _Early Learning Academy_ curriculum, experienced by more than 10 million children worldwide who have completed over 3 billion Learning Activities to date. We are committed to helping _every_ child learn. Our Education Access Initiatives reach millions of children by offering the full ABCmouse curriculum at no cost to teachers and community institutions such as libraries, Head Start programs, and community centers—including public housing authorities and after-school programs. At Age of Learning, we are _Bringing Learning to Life_ ®! Summary: Our Marketing team at Age of Learning is seeking a full time in-house full stack programmer. This person will be responsible for assisting with our self deployment process which requires a solid background with GIT and a working knowledge of Jenkins CI. Additionally, the person will employ PHP, Node.js, light Shell Scripting, HTML5, CSS, and Javascript/Angular.js to help us debug software problems, assist with building internal tools for our internal clients. and tackle a myriad of other challenges that arise every day at a rapidly growing organization. If you are looking for a challenging, rewarding environment, this may just be it! Responsibilities: Debugging server-side and client-side issues Assisting with self deployments to QA and Production Assist in building new internal tools used for content creation Update/maintain existing applications Desired Skills and Experience 1+ years of PHP experience 1+ years of CSS, HTML5, JavaScript/AJAX, working knowledge of Angular.js Strong at analyzing information and able to quickly find creative solutions to difficult problems Good attention to detail, rigorous in self-testing code and delivering high quality work Ability to thrive in a dynamic work environment A product-first approach to building software Ability to communicate effectively and work as part of a team Experience with GIT Knowledge of MVC frameworks such as Angular a plus Experience with UNIX commands is a plus Experience integrating third party APIs and web services a plus _Age of Learning does not sponsor work-related visas for this position. This includes, but is not limited to, H1B visas._