What does a Best Buy Project Team Specialist (Overnight) do? At Best Buy our mission is to leverage the unique talents and passions of our employees to inspire, delight, and enrich the lives of our customers through technology and all its possibilities. If you have a passion and curiosity for what is possible and enjoy people, we invite you to join us on this mission. They use their merchandising and technical skills to complete the tasks associated with Remodels, New Store Openings, Special Projects, and other company initiatives as assigned. This position will involve travel away from home and overnight shifts up to 75% of the year. Job responsibilities include: Complete merchandising tasks, which includes planogram assignments, clean presentations, implementing fixtures, signage and product security devices Set new and relocated planograms and graphics to merchandising standards, completes planogram checklist and proper filing procedures Build new product displays and implement new technology displays Maintain upkeep of store displays and assist store team with fixture and technology functionality Assist Project Team Lead with the training of new Project Team members through job shadowing and sharing of best practices What are the professional requirements of a Project Team Specialist (Overnight)? Basic Qualifications: Must be at least 18 years of age Must be able to travel Must be able to lift and move up to 50lbs Must be willing and able to work overnight shifts Preferred Qualifications: High school diploma or equivalent 3 months retail sales or merchandising experience What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.