Mandatory Skills : "Experience with Siemens TeamCenter PLM Experience in ITK programming In depth knowledge and experience with state of the art commercial tools in standard engineering domain, especially Teamcenter and its structure manager and systems engineering module. Hands on experience designing TC based solution via configuration and customization. . Knowledge of Teamcenter unified Architecture 4 tier and 2 Tier architecture . Strong programming skills in TC client customization using SOA along with Java. Experience with Eclipse IDE Framework with Java. . ITK Server side coding experience with C and C++ including Teamcenter workflows. Excellent troubleshooting and debugging skills with Java, XML and C. Min 5 years or more experience as a Technical Lead and experience in designing and developing solutions with TC and leading a small team. Good understanding of IT technologies used in engineering standard space . Extensive experience with BMIDE update/deployment . Experience in data migration from legacy applications . Experience in Change management, Systems Engineering and Structure manager modules . Excellent verbal and written communications skills, and strong team orientation. Good customer interaction skills including meeting facilitation, priority setting and consultation skills . Ability to work on multiple assignments simultaneously . Proven ability to learn quickly and understand a wide variety of business and technical subjects . Negotiation/change management/conflict management" Job Location : Dearborn, Michigan, United States Employee Status : Full Time Employee Shift : Day Job Travel : No Job Posting : Jul 20 2018 Cognizant US Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran. If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions in the US, please send an email with your request to CareersNA2@cognizant.com About Cognizant Cognizant is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant, a member of the NASDAQ-100, is ranked 195 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us on Twitter: USJobsCognizant. Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.