Are you ready to seize an opportunity to drive leading edge technology solutions with the customer? Do you value deploying and working on the latest solutions with real world impact? Do you thrive by mentoring and leading by example? Would you love to help us accelerate the transformation towards data- driven organizations? Do you want to join an elite and distinguished team? If so, the Data and AI Consultant position in the Microsoft Services Organization is for you! At Microsoft, we share knowledge, experiences, and resources to help each other achieve our career goals and grow both professionally and personally. We seek out people from diverse backgrounds who exhibit passion, technical competence, and experience in services delivery with complex projects or environments. Experience in this role will provide great opportunities to interact with break-through technologies, collaborate with product development teams and improve future versions of Microsoft products as a subject matter expert. Together, we can help billions of people around the globe using digital technology to achieve amazing things. Our consultants work with the latest technologies to design, build and optimize data-centric solutions and help our customers unlock the value of their data. We apply our broad and deep technology combined with a strong industry knowledge. As part of our team, you will deliver solutions to customers around the world. You will play a key role in allowing out clients to maximize their investment in Microsoft technology and introduce them to emerging technologies and solutions – to grow and optimize their business. To be successful, you will take advantage of our community of consultants and engineers, through sharing solutions and utilizing your early access to technology. You’ll be part of something bigger, through unleashing the power of data and crafting solutions to meet customer needs. You will provide technical leadership for other consultant teams and engage in the complete lifecycle of large data-driven and AI projects. Your key to success is your passion for customers, demonstrated through professionalism and striving for excellence in all aspects of the customer experience: understanding and optimizing databases and data visualization, designing and developing solutions, and delivering with high quality on challenging engagements. Responsibilities As a Data and AI consultant you will: Be part of a thriving practice that's constantly looking for ways to improve our customers' experience Work with customers to identify business requirements Craft both high-level and detailed design documents and implement innovative solutions using the most recent technologies Optimize customer's current data solutions and infrastructure Continually learn and grow professionally Take a leadership role on projects Mentor other consultants to share your knowledge and experience Qualifications Required Qualifications: 2+ years of SQL Server experience 3+ years of technical expertise in an enterprise environment Deep technical or architectural knowledge of at least 2 of the following areas: Database administration (preferably with SQL, including Azure SQL) – performance tuning, high availability / disaster recovery, security Database development (preferably with SQL, including Azure SQL) – designing and building database solutions (tables / stored procedures / forms / queries / etc.) Business intelligence – combining knowledge of SSIS/SSAS/SSRS/Power BI technologies with a deep understanding of data structure / data models to design, develop, and tune BI solutions and reports Advanced data and AI analytics – designing and building solutions using technologies such as Azure Data Factory, Azure Data Lake, HD Insights, SQL DWH, stream analytics, machine learning, R server. B.Sc./B.A. or equivalent work experience combined with a relevant industry experience in a consulting role. Minimum 3 years of experience. Ability to travel domestically and internationally and work with different cultures and customers Fluency in written and spoken English Ability to communicate with a variety of different audiences and strong presentation skills Demonstrated ability to match technical solutions with customer business requirements Ability to lead and motivate technical communities Ability to effectively recognize and adapt to change Ability to quickly grasp customers' business challenges and drive positive change. Located in California area. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.