The TCF career fields represent those technical fields where VA-specific knowledge and experience is desirable for success in the field. Individuals selected follow a formal training plan for two years during which they are trained, coached, and supervised by a preceptor. Preceptors are selected annually, through an extensive application process, for their technical expertise, their commitment to training and the suitability of their facility as a training location. Selectees will be required to sign Mobility, Training, and Continued Service Agreements. This is a developmental position leading to a GS-11, performing assignments intended to broaden skills and provide practical experience leading to progressively more complex assignments performed under progressively less supervision. The selectee may be promoted to the full performance level without further competition when all regulatory, qualification, and performance requirements are met. Selection at a lower grade level does not guarantee promotion to the full performance level. Receives assignments that expand the knowledge base of the electronic health record and associated clinical software. Provides users and staff with limited consultative support and education Explores new technology and participates in complex projects to apply the technologies in support of veterans health care needs. Inputs and retrieves data Prepares analysis and presents recommendations to senior specialists. Develops tools and training guides for the user Participates in delivering training and educational programs to others Collects, analyzes and provides feedback on effectiveness of training/suggests improvements and enhancements. Participates with the HIS to assess data to identify, quantify and resolve organizational problems. Conducts evaluations of clinical software needs and makes recommendations. Work schedule: 8:00am-4:30pm Compressed/Flexible Schedule: Not Available Telework: Not Available Position Description Title/PD: GS-7, PD1833-A; Target to GS-9, PD1834-A; Target to GS-11, PD1835-A Financial Disclosure Report: Not required To qualify for this position, applicants must meet all requirements by the closing date of this announcement, 08/29/2018. Time-In-Grade Requirement : Applicants who are current Federal employees and have held a GS grade any time in the past 52 weeks must also meet time-in- grade requirements by the closing date of this announcement. For a GS-7 position you must have served 52 weeks at the GS-5. The grade may have been in any occupation, but must have been held in the Federal service. An SF-50 that shows your time-in-grade eligibility must be submitted with your application materials. Note: Time-In-Grade requirements also apply to former Federal employees applying for reinstatement as well as current employees applying for Veterans Employment Opportunities Act of 1998 (VEOA) appointment. You may qualify based on education and/or experience as described below: Specialized Experience : You must have one year of specialized experience equivalent to at least the next lower grade GS-5 in the normal line of progression for the occupation in the organization. Examples of specialized experience would typically include, but are not limited to: experience developing tools and training guides; experience applying knowledge of the electronic health record and associated clinical software; experience educating others on methods and means to make health care operations more effective and efficient and/or experience developing information related to patient care such as patient registries. OR, Education: Applicants may substitute education for the experience required. To qualify based on education for this grade level you must have at least 1 full year of graduate level education or superior academic achievement. (You must provide supporting transcripts if you are qualifying all or in part by education.) OR , Combination : Applicants may also combine education and experience to qualify at this level. You must have an combination of specialized experience and education beyond 1 full year of graduate level education. You will be rated on the following Competencies for this position: Analytical Reasoning Interpersonal Skills Knowledge Management Problem Solving Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religions; spiritual; community; student; social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience. Note : _A full year of work is considered to be 35-40 hours of work per week. Part-time experience will be credited on the basis of time actually spent in appropriate activities. Applicants wishing to receive credit for such experience must indicate clearly the nature of their duties and responsibilities in each position and the number of hours a week spent in such employment._ For more information on these qualification standards, please visit the United States Office of Personnel Management's website at http://www.opm.gov/qualifications. Physical Requirements: Regular and recurring work is mostly sedentary involving sitting at a desk, although the position requires the ability to move from one geographic locations of the facility to another. The incumbent works with a computer screen and keyboard. Some physical effort such as standing, walking, bending or prolonged sitting may be required. The incumbent may be exposed to walking to outlying areas. The work place no special physical demands on the employee. None To apply for this position, you must provide a complete Application Package which includes: Resume SF-50 The following documents are accepted, and may be required if applicable to your eligibility and/or qualifications for this position. Please use this checklist to make sure you have included other documents required for your application, such as a copy of your transcript (if using education to qualify), SF-50's (current/former Federal employees). documentation to support Veterans Preference claims, or ICTAP/CTAP documentation (for displaced Federal employees). You will not be contacted for additional information. Cover Letter DD-214 Other Other Veterans Document Resume SF-15 SF-50 Transcript Veterans' Preference: When applying for Federal Jobs, eligible Veterans should claim preference for 5pt (TP), 10pt (CP/CPS/XP), or for Sole Survivor Preference (SSP) in the questionnaire. You must provide a legible copy of your DD214(s) which shows dates and character of service (honorable, general, etc.). If you are currently serving on active duty and expect to be released or discharged within 120 days you must submit documentation related to your active duty service which reflects the dates of service, character of service (honorable, general, etc.), and dates of impending separation. Additionally, disabled veterans and others eligible for 10-point preference (such as widows or mothers of eligible Veterans) must also submit an SF-15 "Application for 10 Point Veteran Preference" with required proof as stated on the form. Documentation is required to award preference. For more information on Veterans' Preference, please visit http://www.fedshirevets.gov/job/vetpref/index.aspx.