Director of School Support – Michigan Network Location: Metro Detroit Area Position is available: June 2018 WHO WE ARE Achievement Network (ANet) is a nonprofit dedicated to educational equity. We help schools boost student learning with great teaching that’s grounded in standards, informed by data, and built on the successful practices of educators around the country. Founded in 2005, ANet now serves over 700 schools educating over 230,000 students in California, Colorado, Connecticut, District of Columbia, Illinois, Louisiana, Massachusetts, Michigan, New Jersey, New York, Ohio, and Tennessee. Our support has consistently helped our partner schools—both district and charter—achieve breakthrough results for their students. ANet has received multiple awards and recognitions, including a prestigious Investing In Innovation (i3) grant from the federal government in 2010, New Schools Venture Fund’s “Organization of the Year” in 2011, and The NonProfit Time’s “Best Nonprofits to Work For” in 2015 and 2016. ANet is a dynamic, values driven, team-oriented organization that is committed to the growth and development of all staff members. Individuals who join ANet have the opportunity to join an exceptional team of colleagues committed to helping schools drive excellent teaching and learning by investing in each other and learning together. THE OPPORTUNITY We are seeking influential academic leaders who are passionate about increasing student achievement to serve as a Director of School Support (DSS), working to support our service to schools in Michigan as part of ANet’s Central East Region. With a deep commitment to the metro Detroit area, ANet is committed to advancing equity and helping to raise the bar on teaching and learning across the Michigan Network and this DSS will play a crucial role in ensuring our partner schools achieve breakthrough results for students. The DSS will work with leaders to build a school culture where learning standards, achievement data, and teacher development are used to achieve breakthrough learning for students. The DSS will be responsible for coaching and developing leadership in approximately 12-14 schools in the Michigan Network, reaching more than 200 teachers and 6,000 students. The Director of School Support will report directly to and work closely with the Executive Director of the Michigan Network while also work in a highly collaborative and supportive fashion with the Michigan Network Team, as well as with peer coaches across ANet’s other regions and national teams. WHAT YOU’LL DO Partner with and coach school leaders to strengthen instruction and increase student achievement Serve as an instructional leadership coach for school leaders, inspiring and motivating teams, supporting school-wide change management, and building expertise in standards-based and data-driven instruction and teacher development Develop school leaders and teachers on effective use of real-time data from the ANet interim assessments to target student misunderstandings, to improve teacher practice, and to continually deepen understanding of the rigor of the Common Core standards Train and coach school leaders and teachers on effective backwards planning using state standards, complex texts, and curricula to achieve student mastery of grade-level content Analyze student data and use research-based practices to inform an individualized strategy for coaching each school Serve as a leadership coach for school leaders, partnering with them to overcome barriers to successful data-driven instruction and increased student achievement, including how to develop and leverage school-wide practices and structures to build a culture of achievement that accelerates student impact Engage in a gradual release of support to build some schools’ independence with teacher development, first by modeling meeting facilitation, then observing and providing coaching and feedback to leaders on their facilitation Develop a strong network of ANet schools Connect school leaders with other schools to facilitate best practice sharing Design and lead professional development sessions for groups of school leaders and teachers Support the regional leadership in growing the Network by sustaining current school partners and fostering new partnerships Support internal ANet strength and growth Develop tools, coaching strategies, and innovative ideas for the organization that improve our ability to coach schools Serve in internal ANet leadership roles, which could include recruiting and hiring, network event coordination, sales, professional development planning and facilitation, and strategy development WHO YOU ARE AND WHAT YOU BRING In order to be successful in this role, candidates must demonstrate the following: You have a passionate commitment to and a sense of urgency for the support of schools, along with a belief that all students can achieve at high levels; you believe in the power of formative assessment, coaching, and professional development as critical levers in school improvement. You are energized by roles where no day will be the same, but where instructional excellence is at the heart of everything you do. You bring prior experience managing or coaching other adults (e.g. school leadership, instructional coaching, etc.) and know how to develop and motivate others to drive results, while balancing humility and assertiveness. You thrive off building strong relationships, especially when it comes to building trust and credibility quickly. You have a proven track record of results as a teacher and/or instructional leader using standards and data to drive instruction; you know what excellent instructional practices look like at the classroom, grade, and school level. You can connect the dots in ambiguous circumstances and know how to use your analytical and problem-solving skills to plan and facilitate strong outcomes in meetings and through facilitation of instructional content. You have excellent communication skills and are able to read and respond to unspoken and implicit cues; you are a compelling presenter and facilitator who can explain complex problems and solutions in clear, concise and engaging ways. You are motivated by working in an environment where we live out our core values daily; you are eager to examine personal archetypes and biases while discussing topics related to race, class, and privilege which relate to ANet’s Advance Equity and People Matter values. You are willing to travel across the Region to the partner schools and systems within your portfolio and have access to a vehicle (mileage will be reimbursed) and/or public transportation in order to do so. Ideal candidates may also demonstrate the following preferred qualifications: You bring familiarity implementing the Common Core instructional shifts, as teacher and/or as an instructional coach, specifically in math and/or ELA You have prior experience coaching teams, leading professional development, and/or managing programs at a district/CMO-level WHAT WE OFFER ANet offers highly competitive compensation based on prior experience and qualifications as well as comprehensive benefits in order to best support our people. Benefits we offer include: health, dental and vision insurance where ANet pays 80% of the cost of these benefits for employees and their families/domestic partner; 3 weeks of vacation (4 weeks after two years with ANet); 10 paid holidays with paid days off between the Christmas and New Year’s holidays; a paid floating holiday; paid sick & personal days; paid parental leave; retirement plan options; commuter benefits; tuition reimbursement; flexible spending accounts; short and long-term disability coverage; and basic life and personal accident insurance. HOW TO APPLY Applications submitted by April 20, 2018 are guaranteed to be reviewed. Candidates who apply by that deadline will be updated by the week of April 23rd regarding any next steps in the hiring process. To apply, please click on the blue “Apply” button. You will then be prompted to complete a brief application and upload a resume and thoughtful cover letter in which you outline why you are interested in working for ANet and how your skills and experience meet the qualifications of the position. ANet is committed to maximizing the diversity of our organization. We are an equal opportunity employer and encourage individuals of all ethnic and racial backgrounds and gender identities to apply to our positions.