Bellevue,Washington,United States UAMLNC The Boeing Company’s Strategy & Operations Management Organization (StratOps) in Information Technology and Data Analytics is seeking a mid-level Office Administrator to join our team in Bellevue, Washington! The ideal candidate will have a dynamic, forward-thinking approach to daily responsibilities and workflow; as well as demonstrate a great working relationship with peers and executives using strong collaboration, communication and people skills as well as discretion and initiative. Position Responsibilities: Track and maintain information relative to department and business operations Perform tasks for the Strategy & Operations Management Organization (StratOps) in Information Technology and Data Analytics, as well as prioritize and schedule management time and availability for efficient use of time. Proactively de-conflict schedules and apply priorities based on known context and concurrent events, while working under limited supervision. Verbally communicate a wide variety of information to multiple audiences. Process incoming and outgoing communication and correspondence to ensure proper dissemination of information. Create, edit and maintain electronic and written communication. Track and maintain designated conference room schedules for availability and efficient use of resources. Plan and implement logistics for executive level internal and external events. Coordinate with the appropriate focals to support the acquisition and maintenance of resources. Order and maintain office supplies. Provide guidance for less experienced employees. Coordinate and process domestic and international business travel arrangements, monitor designated business traveler logistics, generate expense reports and assist in reconciling corporate credit card charges to ensure timely and accurate reimbursement and verify payments to corporate credit cards. Collect and compile data to provide visibility of status for traveler review and signature. Boeing is the world's largest aerospace company and leading manufacturer of commercial airplanes and defense, space and security systems. We are business professionals, engineers and technicians. Skilled business leaders, scientists and thinkers. Bold innovators and dreamers. Join us, and you can build something better for yourself, for our customers and for the world. Employer will not sponsor applicants for employment visa status. Basic Qualifications (Required Skills/Experience): High School Diploma/GED or higher Experience with Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Outlook) Experience supporting Executives or Senior Managers. Experience managing executive schedules and calendars. Experience assisting management with the creation of PowerPoint presentations Experience coordinating and processing domestic and international travel arrangements, generating expense reports and reconciling corporate credit card charges. Able to work flexible hours, overtime and occasional weekends when necessary Preferred Qualifications (Desired Skills/Experience): Experience with planning and implementing logistics for internal and external events and meetings Typical Education/Experience: High school diploma or GED and typically 4 or more years' related experience or an equivalent combination of education and experience. This position is located in Bellevue, WA and does not offer relocation assistance. Applicants must reside in area or be willing to relocate at their own expense. No CIO, Information & Analytics Individual Contributor No No Standard United States; The Boeing Company