ABOUT UCARE At UCare, we deliver high-quality health coverage and services to help members of all ages maintain and improve their health. It's a big job that takes innovative ideas, strategic partnerships, and a commitment to doing the right thing. Above all, it takes a compassionate team that is dedicated to making a real difference in the lives of our members and our communities. WORKING AT UCARE Working at UCare is more than just a career; it's a mission. A mission that defines us as professionals, unites us as an organization, and shapes how we interact with our members and each other. Our values of integrity, community, quality, flexibility, and respect permeate every aspect of our organization – from who we are and how we act, to what we do and how we do it. We owe our continued success to our employees who proudly embody our mission and values in everything they do. DATA INTEGRATION MANAGER Position Description This position is responsible to manage the cross-functional teams working on Enterprise Data Development project initiatives including technical governance of data and process. In addition to managing the data integration (ETL) development team, the primary responsibility of this role is to have a singular focus on the end to end delivery of quality and efficient assets within the portfolio / program / projects by managing the people, process and technology. Provide leadership, vision and direction to the Enterprise Data Integration team to ensure the team will contribute to achievement of UCare’s goals. Develop productive relationships with business leaders across the organization to influence how applications can enable new sources of value. Ensure that integration applications (including those of external service providers) are conducted in line with UCare’s mission, policies, standards and all regulatory compliance requirements. Manage data integration team members, developing their skills and capabilities to meet UCare’s needs, as well as addressing new needs and skills gaps. Lead the day-to-day management of the data integration team, including staffing, performance management, budget management and other relevant management functions. Collaborate with stakeholders to understand prioritized set of business outcomes and application work to accomplish the outcomes within the applications budget. Oversee the application team’s successful delivery of these business outcomes. Oversee benefits realization to ensure the business outcomes are achieved. Oversee the Integration platform architecture, roadmap, strategy and keeping the environment fully functional at the highest capacity. Provide financial oversight for owned goods and services. This includes management of operating expense tied to contract labor, maintenance and licensing, as well as demand management and capacity planning for software products. Understand the environment, development practice and standards adopted within the team and suggest changes wherever possible and ensure delivery of artifacts for the tasks analysis, development, peer reviews and testing. Manage architecture, design (data and ETL) review and provide feedback for continuous improvement across Enterprise Data initiatives. Collaborate with Business and formulate, own and practice and advocate data governance policies and standards to ensure accuracy, validity, reusability and consistent definitions data. Develop standards, process flows and tools that promote and facilitate the mapping of data sources, documenting interfaces and data movement across the enterprise. Balance short-term versus long-term actions, strategic versus tactical requirements, while continuing to move forward towards the strategic vision, architecture and participate in the road map to achieve the vision. Other projects and duties as assigned. Education Bachelor’s degree in Information Technology; demonstrated experience may be considered in lieu of a degree. Required Experience Eight years minimum experience in Data Integration / ETL / ELT managing mid to large teams. Preferred Experience Health care payer experience with over 10 years of experience with Informatica in design, development, architecture and platform management. Experience transitioning an organization from traditional to agile development methodologies. THE UCARE DIFFERENCE UCare is proud to be a recognized Star Tribune Top Workplace for the 8th consecutive year. As a part of our collaborative team, you'll experience the rewards that come with helping others and seeing the positive results of your hard work. We value and respect each individual's ideas and contributions, and give you the freedom to grow both personally and professionally. We are centrally located, and offer onsite education, equipment and wellness resources, a myriad of volunteer activities, and a number of other rewards. If you're looking for a welcoming environment that celebrates what you have to offer, helps you build on your strengths, and gives you the opportunity to truly make a difference, we invite you to apply. As an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, we welcome and employ a diverse employee group committed to meeting the needs of UCare, our members, and the communities we serve.