Overview Cures Start Here. At Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center, home to three Nobel laureates, interdisciplinary teams of world-renowned scientists seek new and innovative ways to prevent, diagnose and treat cancer, HIV/AIDS and other life-threatening diseases. Fred Hutch’s pioneering work in bone marrow transplantation led to the development of immunotherapy, which harnesses the power of the immune system to treat cancer. An independent, nonprofit research institute based in Seattle, Fred Hutch houses the nation’s first cancer prevention research program, as well as the clinical coordinating center of the Women’s Health Initiative and the international headquarters of the HIV Vaccine Trials Network. Careers Start Here. The Research Administration group in the Epidemiology Program in the Public Health Sciences Division is looking for a self-starting, communicative individual to join our team. Research Administrators work closely with several Principal Investigators (scientists) to proactively provide compliant and effective funding, budget and regulatory administration as well as general day-to-day administrative support. Our team supports scientists and staff whose work is focused on the broad goals of (i) identifying the causes of human cancer and its progression, (ii) advancing understanding of the basic mechanisms that lead to cancer and its progression, and (iii) translating discoveries into effective prevention strategies. This position works in an autonomous manner, but under general direction, to complete tasks and reports to the Program Operations Director. Responsibilities The Research Administrator I/II responsibilities can be broken out to the below four major areas: Funding Source Administration Lead the grant submission process by conducting key tasks such as: creation and communication of timelines to appropriate stakeholders, development of project budgets, completion of non-technical portions of submission, and oversight of institutional signoff Perform key post award activities such as: interpreting the notice of award, entering award data into grants database, coordinating submission of annual progress reports, and communicating award information to relevant faculty and staff. Fiscal Support Develop, monitor, track and project budgets Develop custom report formats to share information with the team/department Run and analyze reports to identify issues Approve budgets and expenses as required Partner with finance to resolve identified budget and expense issues Regulatory Support Manage renewal timelines and ensure completion of regulatory documents (IRB, MTA, etc.) in a timely manner Identify necessary regulatory components of submissions, confirm that required items are in place and escalate issues as needed Determine impacts and develop implementation plans in response to applicable regulatory changes and/or revisions to Center policies and procedures Serve as a central point of contact to answer questions, escalating issues as needed Administrative Support Maintain faculty CVs and publication databases, assist with submission of manuscripts Complete administrative tasks such as travel coordination and expense reporting, purchasing and maintenance of supplies and equipment, reconciliation of business credit cards Identify administrative issues for discussion with leadership Coordinate meetings/conference calls, occasional event planning and management Qualifications Required Associate’s or Bachelor’s degree Two years of relevant research administration experience NIH grant experience (submission and management) Advanced proficiency with Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Outlook, EndNote, and Adobe Ability to source data from systems and generate customized reports Efficient planning, organizing, and prioritizing of work Skill in tailoring communications to specific audiences Experience navigating complex internal systems and departments Basic budgetary knowledge (ability to reconcile, manage, report budget information, etc.) Preferred Certified Research Administrator Prior experience as a research administrator preferably with principal investigators/academics Ability to edit SharePoint sites or basic web pages Knowledge of relevant regulatory guidelines such as IRB, IACUC, MUA Knowledge of Fred Hutch processes and policies PLEASE NOTE: Submission of a cover letter is strongly recommended. Our Commitment to Diversity We are committed to cultivating a workplace in which diverse perspectives and experiences are welcomed and respected. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity and VEVRAA Employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, ancestry, national origin, sex, age, disability, marital or veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, political ideology, or membership in any other legally protected class. We are an Affirmative Action employer. We encourage individuals with diverse backgrounds to apply and desire priority referrals of protected veterans. If due to a disability you need assistance/and or a reasonable accommodation during the application or recruiting process, please send a request to our Employee Services Center at escmail@fredhutch.org or by calling 206-667-4700.