Job Description Manage Technical Service support ticket queue ensuring quick analysis, thorough documentation of progress and efficient resolution as defined in the Engineering support wiki Monitor Rhapsody dashboards to proactively address interface errors related to connectivity and payload as they occur Engage and hold accountable all cross-functional resources required to arrive at the most direct, technically sound solutions to Production issues Engage in client-facing communications as necessary to acquire detailed understanding of issues reported Create and maintain internal knowledge base, best practices, technical fact sheets and other technical documentation items and templates enriched by learnings in support analysis Provide technical expertise to American Well Customer Support Team (level 2 and level 3 support) as needed and diagnose platform technical issues when requested Qualifications Technical Qualifications 3+ years of experience proactively monitoring Production systems for errors and working from a Production ticket queue 3+ years of experience performing deep logical analysis of complex issues and engaging larger team to achieve optimal and timely resolutions Expert knowledge of SQL is required Experience working with SOAP and REST based web services Working knowledge of networking protocols (e.g. TCP/IP, HTTP, FTP, SOAP, …) Strong knowledge of scripting languages (Groovy, JavaScript, Python, …) Strong understanding of XML technologies (XML, XSD, XSL/XSLT) Experience with healthcare interoperability and messaging standards, including but not limited to HL7 2.x, HL7 3.x, HL7 FHIR, IHE integration profiles and technical frameworks, and X12 HIPPA transactions and code sets desirable Experience with interface engines and/or enterprise service bus architectures desirable. Orion Rhapsody experience a plus. Professional Qualifications Expert problem solving and analytical skills is a must. Ability to logically attack large problems by methodically eliminating root causes across complex systems Self-starter, able to work independently, able to hold themselves and others accountable, able to succeed in a fast-paced, high intensity start up environment Effective oral and written communications skills. Ability to elicit and communicate technical and non-technical information in a clear and concise manner Strong organizational and multi-tasking skills with ability to manage a ticket queue and real-time dashboards simultaneously Education Bachelor degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Math, Physics, or related field or equivalent. Advanced degree in any of the areas above is a plus. Additional Information Your Team: Should you join American Well and the Integration Support team, you can expect: The development organization is a multi-disciplinary team of engineers dedicated to creating a state of the art TeleHealth experience on every platform we can get our hands on. Our cross-functional teams follow a pragmatic Agile methodology as we balance feature requests, strategic initiatives, tech debt, and exciting partnerships on the path to delivering a market leading product to a quickly growing customer base. We work hand in hand with the whole American Well organization to ensure that our product meets the needs of all of our users. Working at American Well American Well is changing how care is delivered through online and mobile technology. We make online doctor visits accessible to everyone for one-off care issues like colds or infections, and chronic condition management, such as diabetes or depression. We make the hard work of healthcare look easy and that requires a mission-driven mentality. We’re a “go getter” culture that pride itself on smarts, initiative, creative thinking, and a strong work ethic. Our corporate headquarters are located in downtown Boston at 75 State Street –in the heart of the city. In addition to the opportunity to build the future of healthcare technology and a great location, we offer: Unlimited Personal Time Off (Vacation time) 401K match Competitive healthcare, dental and vision insurance plans Free gym access – on-site Prime office space with views overlooking all of Boston Complimentary snacks and drinks