Location: Minnetonka, MN, USA Job ID (Req ): 2529 of Openings: 1 Description Founded in 1994, Digital River is recognized as a leading global provider of Commerce-as-a-Service solutions. Companies of all sizes rely on Digital River’s multi-tenant, SaaS commerce, payments and marketing services to manage and grow their online businesses. Digital River has helped companies process more than $30 billion in online transactions, connecting B2B and B2C digital products and cloud service companies as well as branded manufacturers with buyers across multiple devices and channels, and nearly every country in the world. We are fortunate at Digital River to work with some of the e-commerce industry’s brightest talent. We have professionals on the ground in nearly every region of the world, including North America, Europe, Asia and Australia. Our employees are experts in e-commerce, e-marketing, creative site design and merchandising, global tax and compliance laws, fraud prevention, international payments and more. To attract and retain the best-of-the-best, we invest a great deal of time and effort in creating a community that people want to be part of and high performance culture where they can grow. Momentum is what we have and growth is our plan. We are looking for people who are energized by making an impact, having autonomy in their work and who want the ability to look back at what they have accomplished and say “wow.” If you are someone who loves being part of a team that is more like a family and likes to work for companies at the top of their game, join Digital River. We are seeking a Associate BI Engineer in our Minnetonka, MN office. The Associate Business Intelligence Engineer supports the reporting and process improvements to collect and analyze data from advanced network systems and corporate data warehouses. This position assists with the development of high level analysis from data elements into reports and dashboards in collaboration with multiple departments. The Associate Business Intelligence Engineer makes recommendations for process improvements based on data analysis. What You’ll Do: Reporting Support and Process Improvement: Provides day-to-day technical support of reporting frameworks for general support and sustaining engineering work Supports designing and building business focused reporting to monitor a broad suite of key performance measures Responds to general data requests from the client facing teams and external clients Creates and modify reports and dashboards across Business Intelligence frameworks Maintains documentation and training materials Assists with the coordination of efforts across operational teams to drive the implementation of the new process. Reporting Analysis and Actions: Writes basic custom SQL queries to extract data to populate and develop enterprise alerting and monitory analytics and graphs Supports in defining reporting needs and provides recommendations to enhance analytics to deliver insightful reporting, supporting data-driven decision making Supports efforts cross functionally to assist with the implementation of new processes based on recommendations from reporting analysis Understand and work proficiently with analytical tools and models. What You’ll Need to Succeed: Required / Minimum: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, MIS, Mathematics or related field Basic understanding of IT systems infrastructure and engineering practices Good written and verbal communication skills Problem solving and troubleshooting skills, and ability to multitask on competing priorities Preferred: Experience with business intelligence modeling layers including, but not limited to, presentation, logical and physical data mapping elements from various data sources Experience in developing SQL queries and performance tuning in SQL and BI tools including Microsoft Power IB, and Oracle Business Analytics Knowledge of extracting, transforming, and loading (ETL)/data integration and development of ETL strategies Background in e-commerce SaaS or in-house solutions WHY DIGITAL RIVER: Digital River provides numerous benefits to our employees. On-site benefits include: Free Parking Cafeteria and Starbucks Coffee Workout facility and group fitness classes Monthly bring-your-dog-to-work days Recreation area with foosball, pinball, and table tennis Pond hockey games in the beautiful Digital River backyard Friday social hour Casual work environment with friendly faces Other benefits include: Digital River In Action, an employee volunteer organization aiding those in need in the Twin Cities area The Green Team, a resource acting in support of an environmentally conscious workforce Competitive benefits package to full time employees: 401(k) plan Medical-dental-vision and life insurance Paid short and long-term disability Holiday and vacation days Digital River supports and embraces a diverse workforce as an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. RESPECT | INTEGRITY | CUSTOMER CENTRICITY | INNOVATION | GLOBAL PERSPECTIVE | ACCOUNTABILITY Are you a returning applicant? Previous Applicants: Email: Password: If you do not remember your password click here. Back to Search Results New Search