Our team is what makes Octo great. At Octo you'll work with some of the smartest and most accomplished people you'll find in your career. Octo offers fantastic benefits, and it’s an amazing workplace culture where you will feel valued while you perform mission critical work for our government. Voted one of the region’s best places to work multiple times, Octo is an employer of choice! Octo is currently seeking a Principal Enterprise Cloud Architect to join a growing team on an exciting and highly visible project for a DoD customer. Background: The Octo team is seeking a principal Enterprise Cloud Architect that will provide macro-level architectural solutions of a multi-region cloud based infrastructure, a cross-cutting application and integration architecture, and a data management and analytics architecture, and provide specialized training to our product teams building on the enterprise platform. Our ideal Enterprise Cloud Architect has senior knowledge and senior hands-on experience building multi-region cloud based systems. This project will feature strategic team members co-located with the product teams, primarily in the Boston, MA Area, to support a culture of continuous improvement across the teams. Description: As the principal Enterprise Cloud Architect, you will share your senior knowledge and senior hands-on experience in developing, implementing and leading cloud and/or infrastructure programs with the team. The successful candidate will have subject matter expertise on enterprise transformation within an organization, through previous experience of leading infrastructure and/or cloud engineering teams to transform waterfall-based programs through the adoption of Agile best practices. DICE Required Skills: Bachelor Degree in Computer Science, Mathematics or equivalent technical degree or equivalent industry experience. At least 5 years of experience working as infrastructure engineering lead leveraging large scale cloud infrastructure as their primary application platform. 5+ years’ experience with agile and lean philosophies Has one (1) example of successfully leading infrastructure engineering teams to transform waterfall-based programs through the adoption of agile engineering best practices. Experience with Continuous Delivery and Continuous Integration techniques Possesses a TOP SECRET level, or TS/SCI, Security Clearance Desired Skills: Has one (1) or more examples of successfully transforming large-scale legacy data center or on premise infrastructure to a modern cloud native application architecture Has two (2) or more examples of successfully leading DoD (or other highly regulated agency) cloud or infrastructure engineering teams to transform waterfall-based programs through the adoption of Agile and Continuous Delivery best practices. 10+ years of experience working as an infrastructure engineering lead leveraging large scale cloud infrastructure as their primary application platform. Education : Bachelors in a Technical Discipline – Computer Science, Mathematics, or equivalent technical degree Years of Experience : 8+ years of experience or more Clearance : Top Secret minimum, TS/SCI preferred