The Senior Implementation Consultant is responsible for implementing the company's accounting software products with new clients over the phone. Duties and Responsibilities: Leads multiple concurrent implementation projects with little supervision Act as project manager to drive all implementations to completion Responsible for thorough documentation throughout the implementation to include billable hours, Salesforce notes/documentation, expense management, etc. Ensure all key stakeholders are accurately aware of progress and next steps in a real-time manner Train and advise clients to properly use appropriate products to best fit their individual needs based on best practices and use cases Ability to obtain buy-in from clients on features and functionality of BlackLine products Offers recommendations for improving performance gaps and system options to increase efficiencies and achieve best practice standards Provides ongoing training to clients, either onsite or via WebEx, throughout the implementation and once products have been fully implemented Responsible for maintaining the highest level of knowledge related to all BlackLine products, including mastering new functionality as it is introduced throughout the product lifecycle Able to asses and troubleshoot/test BlackLine products during the implementation cycle Responsible for setting proper expectations with clients Collaborates and contributes to team goals and successes Acts in a professional manner at all times, with clients, stakeholders and team members Able to interact and collaborate with all levels of staff in internal support groups including Sales, Tech Ops, Support, Training, Customer Success, etc. Consistently follow all internal policies and procedures Takes personal responsibility for the quality and timeliness of work, and achieve results with minimal oversight. Ability to take on new opportunities and tough challenges with a sense of urgency, high energy, and enthusiasm. Ability to develop, maintain, and strengthen partnerships with others inside or outside the organization who can provide information, assistance, and support. Develop and deliver multi-mode communications that convey a clear understanding of the unique needs of different audiences. Build strong customer relationships and deliver customer-centric solutions. Actively learn through experimentation when tackling new problems, using both successes and failures as learning fodder. Secures and deploys resources effectively and efficiently. Consistently achieves results, even under tough circumstances. Adapt approach and demeanor in real time to match the shifting demands of different situations. Gain the confidence and trust of others through honesty, integrity, and authenticity. Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree and 6+ years of work experience Demonstrated strong technical problem-solving skills required Extensive knowledge of Accounting processes and month end close process Knowledge of accounting terminology Superior communication skills, both verbal and written; must be able to communicate effectively with all levels of contacts in a particular organization (support staff to VP’s and Controllers) Experience in a client facing role Previous project management experience Previous implementation experience Knowledge of MS Office, MS Project, Salesforce, Accounting software Must be able to prioritize with competing priorities Self-starter Organized Vast knowledge of the BlackLine suite of products Approximately 30% travel required Preferred: Four plus years of experience in the audit/accounting industry preferred Software background preferred Technology background/experience preferred Accounting degree/CPA preferred