Job Description: Performs vehicle and foot patrol and investigation work relating to the enforcement of animal control, parking, and related ordinances for the city of Pullman. Job Responsibilities: The principal function of an employee in this class is to perform field work in the enforcement of City animal control, parking and nuisance ordinances as well as office work in maintaining related documents and records. Shift work and weekend work may be required. Duties require walking or driving in all areas of the City in all weather conditions; fair and impartial enforcement of the parking and animal control ordinances; and the ability to deal tactfully and effectively with the public, animal owners, and alleged offenders. Supervision of other employees is not a regularly assigned duty. Reports directly to a patrol sergeant for changes in normal operations or policy and performance evaluations. Assignments are received in the form of written procedures and/or complaints received. At the end of the initial training period, the employee is responsible for working independently in the enforcement of clearly defined local ordinances and applicable state law according to department policies. Patrols business and residential areas on foot or in a city vehicle to look for illegally parked vehicles or abandoned/junk vehicles; enforces provisions of the bicycle and taxi ordinances, investigates and enforces the nuisance ordinance; responds to and investigates complaints from the public. Issues summons to violating vehicles; when necessary, places immobilization devices on violating vehicles; provides for the towing of vehicles. Responds to complaints involving stray dogs, barking dogs, or reports of alleged cruelty; investigates incidences and prepares written reports of investigations; transports injured animals to vet clinic for treatment and attempts to locate owner; issues warning notices and notices of infraction for violations of animal control ordinances. Make contact with citizens who call or walk in to the Pullman Police Department with questions or concerns. Issue citations for violations of State and local laws related to animal control, parking and nuisance code; respond to court hearings; be able to write search warrants; initiate dangerous dog hearings. Prepare and maintain incident reports, case files, and records of investigations. Coordinates with officials from the Washington Department of Fish and Wildlife on matters of wildlife in the City of Pullman. Coordinates with a Humane Society on shelter and care of domestic animals. Drives animal control vehicle to patrol areas of the city looking for violations of the Animal Control Ordinance (Title 9. P.C.C.), Traffic Ordinance (Title 12 P.C.C.), Nuisance Ordinance (Title 5 P.C.C.), and State Law (RCW 16.5); apprehends stray animals, exercising tact and judgment when dealing with irate or emotional animal owners; removes animal carcasses from public roads and property. Place reader board and radar trailers to advise drivers of traffic revisions and other information. Provide traffic control for motor vehicle accidents, road closures, detours, parades, and other instances requiring the manual directing of traffic. Performs related reporting, filing, and records maintenance tasks such as completing daily logs, printing notices, data entry, and filing paid tickets. Compiles monthly parking statistics. Attends work on a regular and dependable basis. Interacts in a professional and respectful manner with city staff and the public. Ability to communicate effectively. Minimum Qualifications: High School Diploma or GED, or any combination of education and experience that demonstrates ability to successfully perform the functions of Code Enforcement Officer 21 years of age. Selection Factors: Knowledge, Skills and Abilities - Ability to: Ability to learn, interpret, and apply codes, laws, and regulations to correctly enforce the same; Ability to enforce animal control, parking, and other assigned ordinances in a fair and impartial manner; Ability to read, understand, and execute oral and written instructions and ordinances; Ability to learn city geography and street locations; Ability to learn capture, care, and safe handling of domestic and wild animals; Ability to work outdoors for extended periods, often under unfavorable weather conditions; Ability to walk long distances Ability to affix immobilization devices to vehicles; Ability to exert the physical effort required to handle large, and/or injured/deceased animals; Ability to operate assigned equipment skillfully, safely, and in conformance with applicable laws and regulations; Ability to deal with the public, under potentially difficult and emotional circumstances, in a tactful, pleasant, and courteous manner; Ability to perform fill in or break assignments at the front PPD reception counter. Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with department personnel and the public; Ability to operate a personal computer and software to enter data, access computer files, compile and generate reports; Ability to maintain records and prepare clear and concise citations, records, and reports; Ability to provide quality services in a cost-effective manner and to recommend improved methods of performing the work; Ability to physically perform the essential functions of the job; Ability to work independently; Ability to provide break relief and fill-in for a Records Specialist at the front counter Possession of a valid driver"s license and a safe driving record; Ability to receive ACCESS certification within one year of hire; Ability to pass extensive background check; Must be able to pass a polygraph examination; Must be able to pass a psychological examination; Must be able to maintain a special commission WA State Peace Officer status as defined in RCW 10.93.020. Ability to be trained and certified in Child Safety Seat Inspections. Ability to implement the Pullman Police Department mission statement, "Policing our community with compassion and professionalism" on a daily basis with city staff and the public. Physical Requirements: Indoor and outdoor types of environments subject to adverse weather conditions Lifting of heavy animals; pushing and pulling of animals into animal control vehicle; kneeling and crouching to pick-up animals; must occasionally lift and/or move more than 50 pounds. A combination of walking, sitting, and standing for at least eight (8) hours per day in all types of weather. Occasionally works near moving mechanical parts, in high precarious places, and is occasionally exposed to wet or humid conditions. Removing stray animals from streets and highways with high traffic volume. Working around potentially vicious animals, including snakes. Dealing with abusive individuals in disputes over citations or animal impoundment. The employee is occasionally exposed to fumes or airborne particles, toxic or caustic chemicals, and risk of electrical shock. Noise level is moderate to occasionally very loud. Tools and Equipment Used: Motor vehicle, wheel locks, radio, body-worn camera, chalk stick, computer, hand held computer, catch poles, animal traps, copy machine, smart phone, printer, telephone, radar trailer, radar sign, message trailer/board, and microchip scanner. $22.98 - $27.94