Overview Under general direction, the Database Administrator Senior performs administration of Oracle databases in support of mission critical applications. The DBA Senior works within a team of DBA's whose primary responsibilities include providing database administration for production databases, production Oracle application servers, and several development databases. The DBA Senior designs, implements, and maintains complex databases and manages the integration of databases with applications. Responsibilities JOB DUTIES Install database server software. Design and build databases, schemas, stored procedures and other database objects. Set up routine database backup procedures and disaster recovery procedures. Perform database recoveries Tune database for performance and monitor performance trends. Assist developers and end-users with database usage, query devleopment, and tuning. Design and implement database security schemas. Install routine security related patches. Provide direction to less senior DBA's. Assist associate and intermediate DBA's with complex database tasks. Install an dsupport the database components of packaged database applications. Develop operating system scripts to automate backups, data transfers, monitoring, etc. Qualifications Knowledge Advanced knowledge of information technology systems, infrastructure and operations. Knowledge of security methodologies, policies, standards and best practices. Significant experience in a large and complex business environment. Working knowledge of information systems and operations systems for supported business group Skills Ability to analyze data using Excel for reporting and data mining purposes. Ability to create and work RFC and SR tickets with Oracle On Demand, Oracle Managed Cloud Services and Oracle Support. Ability to interact with staff at all levels. Ability to meet expected delivery dates and the tasks necessary to achieve objectives. Ability to work directly with senior level management. Advanced computer skills and conversance in information technology issues. Competent in the use of Microsoft Office software. Deadline oriented. Good computer skills and conversance in information technology issues. Good people skills. Good writing and speaking skills. Education High School Diploma The proper experience can be substituted for college degree. required Bachelor’s Degree The proper experience can be substituted for college degree. preferred Experience 5-7 Years overall experience in information systems with Oracle database administration experience. Required Work Condition Occasional overtime or split shifts may be required;Subject to stressful situations;normal office environment;Fast-paced office environment;Strong focus on providing quality service to internal and external customers;Work a flexible schedule including extended business hours, weekends and holidays;Work additional hours based on production demands requiring mandatory overtime;Subject to daily service level requirements;Limited travel may be required to support business needs;Must be able to deal with stressful office conditions while troubleshooting problems