Summary/Objective: The VP of League Wide Data and Analytics is responsible for delivering predictive analytics and executive level reporting by connecting the rich pools of data across the NFL. These analytics establish a fact-based culture and organization that values the wealth of data available to each league leader and business unit. By identifying strategic opportunities to drive business value and partnering with leaders across the league to identify opportunities where analytics can be used to improve business results, the VP will give the NFL significant competitive advantages and deliver financial and strategic impact to the business. Essential Functions: League-wide analytics (fan predictive modeling, etc.) Season Management Dashboard Warehousing consumer insights & research data (sports poll, fan tracker, marketing effectiveness tracker, sponsorship tracker, fan community data, focus groups) Consultation for CBD, Football Ops, PH&S; Additional league data (CP, PR, Partnership, Sponsorship) Required Education and Experience: A Bachelor's degree is mandatory; additional educational credentials including an MBA., MS or PhD is preferred. 10-15 years of relevant experience in the fields of economics, statistics, math or engineering. Demonstrated expertise in the use of data analysis, predictive modeling, data science, measurement, reporting, and data warehousing. Experience in complex environments leading data and insights functions that delivered continuous improvement and decision making. Successful track record of working in large, complex organizations at the senior levels of leadership. Consummate team player who finds common ground and can build strong partnerships among management, colleagues and peers; can effectively influence others without direct control. Expertise in data visualization platforms such as Tableau, Qlik, and Domo Strong statistical knowledge and software skills, such as SAS Other Key Attributes / Characteristics: Strong communication, team building, and interpersonal skills Ability to handle multiple tasks, good time management and organizational skills Successful track record partnering with technology organizations. Detail oriented Supervisory Responsibility: Candidate will manage a small team of direct reports as well as third party analytic resources. Travel: Some travel to vendors, owner's meetings, & clubs ( A Bachelor's degree is mandatory; additional educational credentials including an MBA., MS or PhD is preferred. Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled