Digital Manager of Analytics- Omnichannel J.C. Penney Company, Inc. Plano, Texas JCPenney, one of the nation’s largest apparel and home retailers, combines an expansive footprint of nearly 870 stores across the United States and Puerto Rico with a powerful e-commerce site, jcp.com, to deliver style and value for all hard-working American families. At every touchpoint, customers will discover stylish merchandise at incredible value from an extensive portfolio of private, exclusive and national brands. Reinforcing this shopping experience is the customer service and warrior spirit of approximately 98,000 associates across the globe, all driving toward the Company's mission to help customers find what they love for less time, money and effort. We're looking for motivated, talented individuals who can emerge as Warriors in our organization. The Digital Analytics team is responsible for helping the Omnichannel organization make data-driven business decisions. The Digital Analytics team plays a critical role in helping cross functional partners understand the drivers of business performance and providing actionable insights to drive future strategy across online merchandising, web product management and desktop and mobile shopping experience. The Digital Analytics Manager position is responsible for setting up, maintaining and troubleshooting the e-Commerce and Omni-channel measurement program and tools to provide maximum value. The ideal candidate is a subject matter expert of Adobe analytics. S/he is comfortable with ambiguity and able to provide insightful and actionable recommendations that change the business. S/he is able to manage ad-hoc analysis requests, generate insights by diving deeper into data, communicate the findings to the organization and influence various stakeholders and leadership. Primary Responsibilities: Provide insights and actionable recommendations that improve site experience and increase revenue & other KPIs Be a reporting and analysis guru for visitor data in Adobe Analytics, and other web reporting tools Work collaboratively with cross-functional teams and internal stakeholders to understand their needs, translate business requirements into data requirements, and provide them reporting and analytics support Design, build and standardize dashboards (in Adobe analytics workspace, report builder and Tableau) that result in consistent measurement across business functions Train and develop end users of Adobe Analytics Efficiently manage ad hoc requests in combination with short and long-term projects Help maintain data integrity by identifying errors, gaps & opportunities to improve tracking Deliver powerful, proactive insights to drive our business. Be a good story-teller and proponent of data oriented decision making Superb understanding of all aspects of Adobe analytics tool (pathing analysis, cohort analysis, segmentations, sequential segmentation and analysis, e-commerce product variables, merchandising variables, SAINT classifications, rules, attributions, virtual report suites etc) to make sense of online behavioral data and generate insights Understand business requirements, implementation milestones, data dictionary etc to fully leverage the tool Manage defects, problem, tickets with Adobe and other vendors Core Competencies & Accomplishments: BA/BS in Computer Science or related technical or business Field (Engineering, Finance, Mathematics, Physics, Statistics, etc.) from a reputed university Demonstrated history of leadership, managing teams and projects. Desire to help build out a growing team 5-7 years’ hands-on experience with the Adobe Marketing Cloud, specifically: Adobe Analytics (Site Catalyst) & Target In-depth understanding of common web/e-commerce metrics and definitions Understanding of the Digital Marketing landscape and experience with relevant Digital Marketing strategies and technologies In-depth understanding of the typical use cases of Digital Marketing implementations (CMS, Analytics, Personalization, Ecommerce, DAM, Mobile strategies etc.) Balance of business and technology acumen, including ability to articulate high-level technical solutions to business problems and to tie your solutions to program success criteria Team player who can collaborate with multiple stakeholders to arrive at the best solution High degree of intellectual curiosity and ability to learn and apply new concepts and technologies in a wide variety of marketing disciplines Working knowledge of client-side and server-side scripting technologies, including JavaScript and Java. Understanding of e-commerce platforms is a plus. Preferred: Masters’ degree in Computer science, engineering or programming 1-2 years’ experience in big data tools, and visualization tools such as Tableau Ability to manage multiple cross functional projects simultaneously and prioritize workload without becoming overwhelmed Proactive approach to data exploration and opportunity identification Entrepreneurial orientation, with ability to thrive in an environment with rapid change Advanced Excel and Powerpoint skills Experience with reporting, report automation, test/control measurement, pre/post analytics Our corporate office, located within the exciting new development of Legacy West in Plano, Texas, supports JCPenney stores and supply chain facilities nationwide. We offer a competitive benefits package including medical/dental/vision, term life insurance, paid vacation/holidays, 401(k) Savings Plan with company match, and an associate discount on JCPenney merchandise. On-site campus amenities include health clinic, pharmacy, daycare and preschool, full cafeteria service, a 24-hour fitness center and free garage parking. For more opportunities to join our team please visit our careers page. Follow us and see what’s new: Instagram Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Media Room jcp.com LI-RP1