Division of General Medicine seeks a full time Research Assistant to support various patient/public health related research projects. Under the supervision of the Principal Investigator, the technician will work with the research team to aid in performing cost-effectiveness analyses, clinical patient data mining, and to develop prediction models to optimize care and practice. Specific tasks include chart review, data abstraction, study and protocol coordination, assisting with patient recruitment, survey/questionnaire administration, and data collection. Performs additional related duties as assigned. Minimum Qualifications for Grade Applicant MUST meet these minimum qualifications to be considered an applicant Requires a bachelor's degree and at least 1.5 years of related experience or equivalent in education, training and experience. The candidate selected for this position is required to undergo a drug screening test prior to a final offer of employment being made. Additional Position-Specific Minimum Qualifications Applicant MUST meet these minimum qualifications to be considered an applicant Strong analytic skills including quantitative skills (e.g. statistics, programming, MATLAB). Excellent communication skills. Ability to work well within a multi-disciplinary team. Facility with Microsoft Word and Excel. Ability to perform focused literature searches. A strong work ethic, excellent organizational skill, resourcefulness and desire to take initiative. Special Instructions Preferred Qualifications Research experience. Essential Functions Additional Essential Functions (Limit to 3950 characters.) Special Indications This position works with: Contact with patients and/or research subjects HIPAA Compliance training required Yes Participation in Medical Surveillance required Yes What type of posting? Is this a waiver request? Standard Posting Requisition Open Date 08-09-2018 Requisition Close Date Open Until Filled Quick Link jobs.columbia.edu/applicants/Central?quickFind=171221