Technical Lead Qualification: Science / Engineering Graduate Responsibility: Requirement Gathering: Participate in requirement gathering JAD sessions and support documentation where applicable (business, functional, UI, usability, data, compliance, data migration, NFR, 3rd party tools & products). Raise queries and get query resolution on areas which are unclear, ambiguous and which need more information to the Technology Lead. Resource/ Efforts Estimation and Monitoring: Understand how the estimation (effort, size etc) is done at task level in the area of work concerned, measure and report the actual effort against the estimated effort and ensure task progress reporting in C20 or any other applicable tool. Design & Analysis: Create the HL Design and detailed design document with the support of architects for the assigned scope. Review all deliverables created by the Developer. Study non functional requirements and design for NFR as required. Understand the interdependencies of the various components in work packages being developed. Create detailed design and assign to developer. provide input to the Project Manager / Technical Lead to create the project plan from a technical perspective. support development of proof of concept as designed by Designer / Solution Architect. initiate development environment setup. Provide demo to customer for early feedback. create quality check points for all deliverables. Coding: Develop tier coding, business layer coding, interface development, service development, creation of stored procedures, etc as applicable for the work package / project. CTS and customer spectific coding coding standards, guidelines and best practices. Understand the database concepts and write efficient queries. raise clarifications / issues / concerns regarding work output to the lead. Seek review from peer / technical lead periodically. participate in setup activities for required environment setup. deploy code build in testing environment. conduct peer review during design, coding and testing. Complete documentation as per the scope. prepare guidelines and checklist for development and testing activities. Provide feedback to design team. share feedback with developers to check if code is as per requirements. Incorporate changes as per feedback. provide necessary and timely status updates to the Supervisor / Technical Lead. Highlight any potential risks to the leads. Update traceability matrix for the work package developed. mentor the Developers to help them solve technical difficulties in the course of coding. Follow the SCM policies set for project. raise clarifications / issues / concerns regarding work output to the lead on time. provide necessary and timely status updates to the Supervisor / Technical Lead. Proactively highlight any potential risks to the lead. provide support on process audit activities. adhere to process and tools (usage of cognizant 20, awareness of Quality Management System). Testing: Develop comprehensive unit testing cases and unit test plans. conduct comprehensive unit testing. create unit test logs. Prepare and support in preparation of unit test strategy. plan document and data requirements. automate unit testing and contribute to automation of unit testing. Conduct peer review of unit test cases. perform developer integration testing by integrating the components. Review test cases as prepared by the Developer. Defect Management: Participate in defect triage meetings. conduct RCA for defects identified. Rework on the code based on review comments from code review / defects raised in unit testing, peer testing, SIT, UAT testing or any other relevant testing phases. Assist in transition of knowledge and to support organization with any defects raised post production as required. Process Improvements and Adherence: Participate in innovation sessions. implement process improvements to reduce manual intervention (eg automation). support on process audit activities. Generate ideas to provide valueadd and share the same with the Technical Lead. Adhere to process and tools (usage of cognizant 20, awareness of Quality Management System, IDE etc). Knowledge Management: Contribute towards updating knowledge assets, user manual, online help document, installation manual / scripts. Conduct knowledge transfer sessions for new joiners in the project team. conduct training through academy (if approved). Guide and mentor team junior members from a technical perspective to ensure quality delivery of the components. contribute / search / reuse all types of assets from repository. People Management: Engage with team. resolve / conflict management within team. conduct internal trainings for developers within team. Technical Skills SNo Primary Skill Proficiency Level Rqrd./Dsrd. 1 Spring MVC PL3 Desired 2 Spring Core PL3 Required 3 JavaScript PL3 Required 4 ANSI SQL PL2 Required 5 JDBC PL2 Desired 6 Core Java PL2 Required 7 Hibernate PL3 Required 8 Oracle PL2 Desired Proficiency Legends Proficiency Level Generic Reference PL1 The associate has basic awareness and comprehension of the skill and is in the process of acquiring this skill through various channels. PL2 The associate possesses working knowledge of the skill, and can actively and independently apply this skill in engagements and projects. PL3 The associate has comprehensive, in-depth and specialized knowledge of the skill. She / he has extensively demonstrated successful application of the skill in engagements or projects. PL4 The associate can function as a subject matter expert for this skill. The associate is capable of analyzing, evaluating and synthesizing solutions using the skill. Job Location : Chicago, Illinois, United States Employee Status : Full Time Employee Shift : Day Job Travel : No Job Posting : Aug 07 2018 Cognizant US Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran. If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions in the US, please send an email with your request to CareersNA2@cognizant.com About Cognizant Cognizant is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant, a member of the NASDAQ-100, is ranked 195 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us on Twitter: USJobsCognizant. Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.