The Opportunity This position is responsible for delivering quality customer service, and supporting the network, users, computer-based systems, and related services for the home office, training centers, as well as franchisees and salons, to ensure systems support the needs of end users. Your Mission On your journey, you will face challenges like: Provides level 1 and 2 support and troubleshooting on network and computer systems for the home office, training centers, and franchisee organizations to ensure end users make effective and efficient use of the computer hardware and software systems provided. This will include computer training and documentation. Monitors service desk ticket queue and escalates tickets to appropriate resources for resolution. Audits service desk tickets for compliance with Great Clips, Inc. standards. Works directly with first level service desk provider to ensure service levels are met. Creates knowledgebase articles and posts to service desk website; refers service desk staff and users to articles to expedite resolution of issues. Leverages existing resources to configure and deploy laptops/desktops for new and existing users. Follows established processes to grant and revoke access for users of Great Clips, Inc. systems and resources. Works with IT Operations team to ensure hardware, software, and support needs are being met. Your Expertise To land this job you will need to show have the following qualifications or abilities: One to two years of experience with PC hardware, printers and network infrastructure. Knowledge of computer hardware components and their function relative to the overall operation of the machine; ability to make basic repairs, adjustments, and installations to the hardware and software configuration. Knowledge of and ability to use the capabilities of computer applications in a Microsoft environment, including Office 365. Customer service skills such as the ability to converse with telephone callers, be diplomatic under adverse conditions, and the ability to be sensitive and respond with a sense of urgency to customer needs. Ability to communicate clearly and effectively in written and verbal communications to internal and external customers who have varying levels of computer knowledge. Ability to listen, earn trust, and accept direct feedback from end users while building strong, positive relationships. Good problem solving analytical skills with knowledge of diagnostic tools preferred. Interest in working with end users to troubleshoot and solve problems required. Ability to work independently and give attention to detail. Ability to lift up to 50 pounds occasionally. Ability to be flexible, such as the ability to work on multiple tasks, handle interruptions and adapt to changing priorities. Your Work Environment Travel requirements are minimal, and are limited to the Twin Cities area. You will be required to setup up cubicle workstations, and move computer systems and monitors. Key Competencies Getting Results Ability to drive for results, focus on the customer and build realistic plans. Using a Thoughtful Approach Having the ability to think strategically, demonstrate agility, think creatively, and promote teamwork. Working with People Excited to build partnerships, model ethical performance, communicate with impact and influence others. What We Offer We offer a competitive salary, health benefits, wellness programs, a company- matching 401K and tuition assistance, and some perks that set us apart are: A focus on your development. We want to know what your dreams and aspirations are and hope to find ways of Great Clips helping you along in your journey. Your personalized development plan will create a path for your growth and promotion potential. A GREAT culture. One the most frequent compliments you will hear about Great Clips from employees, franchisees and business partners alike is that Great Clips has a GREAT culture. Our belief is that we are strongest together and therefore find it important to have an inclusive, diverse work culture. Though we embrace our differences, we all share in our 6 core values; we are kind, we listen and earn trust, we keep it simple, we focus on execution, we exceed expectations and WE MAKE IT FUN. A spirit of ideas and innovation. Here at Great Clips, we have a competitive lead within our industry. Though we hold a strong position, we never stop pushing ourselves forward and continue to look for new ways of delivering a powerful and enduring brand. About Great Clips With more than 4,317 franchised salons throughout the United States and Canada, Great Clips is the world’s largest haircutting salon brand. Our salon owners and corporate staff are dedicated to our salon communities with a focus on philanthropic and volunteer activities. Great Clips, Inc. employees are passionate about what we do and our technology team geeks out in finding ways to use technology to make what we do even better.