The Full Stack Application Developer Sr will work closely with our technology team and business partners to help find new solutions in meeting ongoing business needs. The ideal candidate will design and write high quality .Net code, web applications, and web services while working in a fast pace agile environment collaborating with both internal and 3rd party technologists. Responsibilities include building applications from scratch, optimizing existing code, and significant contributions to identify new development tools and team coding standards. This role will provide advanced technology and functional application support to define and streamline business processes. Education & Experience Required: • Bachelor’s degree in Information Technology, Computer Engineering, or similar field or equivalent work experience• 5+ years of Object Oriented application experience in .NET development (C, ASP.NET, web API) • 3+ years of experience integrating applications using SOA/web services. • 3+ years of experience with SQL on Oracle or MSSQL platforms• 3+ years of experience in web based front end development (JavaScript, JQuery, Bootstrap, Angular JS)• Experience communicating with both technical and Business audiences. Preferred: • Experience working in a call center environment or in a healthcare environment.• Experience with web libraries such as Angular.js 1.5+ or React• Strong written and verbal communication skills. • Knowledge of HIPAA EDI transactions and datasets• Technical experience working with healthcare systems or in a government contact systems environment• Expertise with MVC, design patterns, and modern architectural trends • Familiarity with Team Foundation Server and build automation tools • Experience with service- oriented architecture (SOA), Web Services, and REST protocols • Experience with software testing (Functional, Performance, and Unit Testing) Key Responsibilities • Assists with the planning, coordination, and direction of application activities related to current and proposed design.• Help design UI and workflows based on business needs.• Recommends changes in procedure in order to promote better utilization of application functionality.• Investigates and recommends new tools and applications in support of business needs.• Provides support and expertise to functional users to assist with system problems impacting the accuracy or completeness of their work.• Coordinates with client departments to maintain communications support to allow the applications to function properly and efficiently.• Participates in regularly-scheduled project reviews and project statuses with client departments.• Serves as a technical and functional resource to entry level developers.• Obtains and shares knowledge of how various application modules inter-link and affect one another.• Analyzes, develops and supports multiple system interfaces and data integration. • Evaluates and tests vendor-supplied software packages. • Determines compatibility with existing systems. • Maintains user manuals, system design documents, and program documentation.• Performs on-call support functions.• Performs other duties as assigned.• Regular and reliable attendance is required.• Work in a team environment using Agile Project Management (Scrum) and Test Driven Development• Participate in all Scrum activities such as creating user stories, sprint planning, and sprint retrospectives Competencies Commitment to Task: Ability to conform to established policies and procedures; exhibit high motivation. Communication / People Skills: Ability to influence or persuade others under positive or negative circumstances; Adapt to different styles; Listen critically; Collaborate. Coping / Flexibility: Resiliency in adapting to a variety of situations and individuals while maintaining a sense of purpose and mature problem- solving approach is required. Creativity / Innovation: Ability to develop unique and novel solutions to problems; View change as necessary. High Intensity Environment: Ability to function in a fast-paced environment with multiple activities occurring simultaneously while maintaining focus and control of workflow Multi-Tasking / Time Management: Prioritize and manage actions to meet changing deadlines and requirements within a high volume, high stress environment. Organizational Skills: Ability to organize people or tasks, adjust to priorities, learn systems, within time constraints and with available resources; Detail-oriented. Problem Solving / Analysis: Ability to solve problems through systematic analysis of processes with sound judgment; has a realistic understanding of relevant issues. Team-Building / Team Player: Influence the actions and opinions of others in a positive direction and build group commitment. Technical Skills: Advanced knowledge and expertise in applications programming methodologies and disciplines; Expert knowledge in system analysis and business problem-solving; Leadership ability; Collaboration skills; Exposure to Object Oriented Programming Principles and Web Development concepts.