About sweetgreen: sweetgreen is on a mission to build healthier communities by connecting people to real food. We passionately believe that real food should be convenient and accessible to everyone. Every day in each sweetgreen, our 3,500 team members make food from scratch, using fresh ingredients and produce delivered that morning. And in our local communities, we’re committed to leaving people better than we found them. We’re in the business of feeding people, and we’re out to change what that means. Summary: As our data project manager at sweetgreen, you will keep the data analytics and science team on track to deliver both external customer-facing data products - like personalized recommender engines and CRM solutions - and operational tools for our internal customers, the corporate office and our store teams. You will heavily collaborate with all disciplines at sweetgreen to ensure organizational coordination, proper prioritization and communication. Core Work Activities: Project Management: Manages the complete lifecycle of moderately-to-highly complex data projects ensuring adherence to timeline and scope. Discipline Management: Manages the resource allocation and proper function of the data team in coordination with the established priorities and timelines. Relationship Management: Builds strong working relationships with internal and external partners to ensure successful ways of working and the subsequent success of long-term goals. Agile Coaching: Coaches teams within the Agile methodology and promotes the adoption of Agile values and principles to improve both Agile practices across the company and organizational performance. Knowledge, Skills, Abilities, + Other Characteristics Required for Successful Performance: 3+ years’ project management, product management, resource management or equivalent experience 3+ years’ experience with Agile or equivalent methodologies 1+ years’ experience in working with data teams Organizational skills to manage competing demands and ensure timely implementation Written and verbal communication + presentation skills Personal and team time management skills Ability to work and influence cross-functionally to meet deliverables What you'll get: Competitive pay + bonus plan granted based on performance Health, dental + vision insurance Flexible PTO, because we respect the need for work/life harmony An opportunity to make a real impact on the people around you, both by growing them and by connecting them to real food To live the sweetlife and celebrate your passion + purpose A collaborative family of people who live our core values and have your back A clear career path with opportunities for development, both personally and professionally Our annual Impact Retreat offsite Free sweetgreen swag Complimentary sweetgreen Come join the sweetlife! sweetgreen provides equal opportunities for everyone that works for us and everyone that applies to join our team, without regard to sex or gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, race, religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, pregnancy, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, any service, past, present, or future, in the uniformed services of the United States (military or veteran status), or any other consideration protected by federal, state, or local law.