LIVE THE ISLAND LIFE Tommy Bahama is more than just an island inspired brand, it’s a lifestyle! Live the Island Life as an ambassador of our brand, representing the season’s stylish trends. We look for those who are passionate about growth as we offer a variety of rewarding positions, from sales to management. You will play an important role in our store leadership, inspiring your team to work together to achieve our goals, create an environment of aloha fun, while exceeding guest expectations - taking them someplace great. Come join us, share knowledge on latest designs and provide guest with world class service! SET THE COURSE The Sr. Technical Support Analyst performs a variety of complicated tasks and works closely with the applications, network, server, and engineering teams. Responsible for providing end user software, hardware, and network support. Identifies, researches and resolves technical problems presented through Level I, II and III support. Documents, tracks and monitors problems to ensure timely resolution. Also plays a key role in developing new configurations and software deployment packages. BE THE ISLAND GUIDE Install, maintain and configure customer hardware and software for PC, MAC, network printers and other network devices. Troubleshoot and coordinate resolving desktop problems, remote system connections, software, and equipment errors. Write and update technical and procedural documentation related to the installation and maintenance of PCs and MACs. Independently design software distribution solutions using available toolset and technical expertise. Research, evaluate, test hardware and software products, and systems solutions; install, configure and test hardware and software, prepare reports and proposals for service. Provide patch management for the distributed environment. Provide back-up support as needed for Systems Administrators. Configure and maintain Smartphones. Coordinate equipment deliveries, software licensing compliance, inventory, and asset control. Collaborate with other IT departments to ensure best practices and standards are being followed and the platform technology is being leveraged.Instills corporate culture in supervisory practices and demonstrates leadership within departmental, interdepartmental and external contacts. Ability to develop effective working relationships with multiple business channel management team to achieve operational excellence. Enforce DC security procedures for swing shift personal and properly secure building each night. ESSENTIALS FOR LIFE IN PARADISE Minimum of 3 years of working experience with computer hardware and software. Experience working with a Microsoft-networked computer environment. Experience working with a Macintosh a plus.Proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel and Outlook. Good math and computer skills are required. Strong hardware trouble shooting skills. Ability to respond to technical issues in a timely fashion with an emphasis on customer service. Ability to manage and prioritize multiple tasks under pressure. Excellent verbal communication skills. Excellent phone and e-mail etiquette and customer service skills. Willingness and availability to work early and late shifts, occasional weekend assignments and overtime. Ability to operate all lift equipment as well as hand trucks, pallet jacks and riding floor jacks according to safety guidelines Proficient competency level in reading, understanding and verbally communicating in English in order to carry out written or verbal instructions to meet productivity standards. Strong ability to communicate orally and in writing with all levels of the company and with outside vendors. Strong ability to multi-task and work under stressful situations. Mahalo (thank you) for your interest in Tommy Bahama!