About the position Data is central to Twitch’s decision-making process, and analysts are a critical component to evangelize data-driven decision making in all of our operations. As a Data Analyst at Twitch, you will be in on the ground floor with the Twitch Ads team, shaping the way success is measured, defining what questions should be asked, and scaling analytics methods and tools to support our growing business. Additionally, you will play a key role in supporting the vision for business analytics, solutions architecture for data related business constructs, as well as tactical execution such as campaign performance reporting. Ultimately, you are paving the way for high quality, high-velocity decisions making in support of growth. For this role, we're looking for an experienced data analyst who will be responsible for data instrumentation, dashboard/report building, metrics reviews, inform channel investments, guidance on success/failure metrics and ad hoc analysis. You will also have the opportunity to interact with technical and non-technical staff members throughout the company, and your effort will have a direct impact on hundreds of stakeholders at Twitch. Responsibilities Evangelize data knowledge and insights: manage communications with your stakeholders and other teams, collaborate with both technical and non-technical colleagues to complete data projects and ensure all parties can use the insights to further improve. Maintain a customer-centric focus: strive to be a domain and product expert through data, develop trust amongst your peers and stakeholders, and ensure that your team has access to data to make decisions. Prioritize and execute in the face of ambiguity: work with stakeholders and mentors to distill the problem, adapt your tools to answer complicated questions, and identify the trade-offs between speed and quality of different approaches. Create analytical frameworks to measure team success: partner with cross-functional teams to define success metrics, create approaches to track the data and troubleshoot errors, quantify and evaluate the data, then develop a common language for all colleagues to understand these KPIs. Support data processes - provide the team with ad-hoc analysis, automated dashboards, and self-service reporting tools so that everyone gets a good sense of the state of the business Requirements 4+ years of domain experience in a consumer internet business, or in a high-velocity, high-growth product or business unit. Expert SQL skills. Ability to tap into Twitch’s data pipeline will be key to success. Proven track record of using data to generate insight and drive business results. Fluency in data analysis and communication around data, including time series analysis, experimentation, data visualization, and defining KPI strategy for your business. Strong written and verbal communication skills. Sound business judgment; strategic and analytical capabilities. Ability to prioritize and multitask; ability to adapt to a fast moving environment. Excellent team player with ability to maintain strong internal and external relationships. Bachelor’s degree required. Bonus points Experience with Ad, 3rd party viewability, and insights platforms: MOAT, ComScore, Nielsen, Amazon Ad Exchange. Perks Full benefits, including medical, dental, vision and life. 401(k) savings plan with a company match Catered daily lunch and dinners (and hearty breakfasts three times a week). Unlimited snacks and drinks. Monthly in-office massages. Corporate gym membership. Commuter benefits. Flexible time off policy. Weekly happy hours and opportunity to attend one gaming event or tournament. Top of the line technology to help you build your own workspace. Twitch is the world’s leading video platform and community for gamers, with more than 100 million visitors per month. We connect gamers from around the world by allowing them to broadcast, watch, and chat with each other. Twitch’s live and on-demand video platform forms the backbone of a distribution network for video game broadcasters including pro players, tournaments, leagues, developers and gaming media organizations. Twitch is leading a revolution in gaming culture, turning gameplay into an immersive video experience. Learn more at http://www.twitch.tv and http://science.twitch.tv. _We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Twitch. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records._