Requisition ID: MAR007072 Merck & Co., Inc. Kenilworth, N.J., U.S.A. known as Merck in the United States and Canada, is a global health care leader with a diversified portfolio of prescription medicines, vaccines and animal health products. The difference between potential and achievement lies in the spark that fuels innovation and inventiveness; this is the space where Merck has codified its legacy for over a century. Merck’s success is backed by ethical integrity, forward momentum, and an inspiring mission to achieve new milestones in global healthcare. Merck’s Global Human Health (GHH) Division abides by a “patient first, profits later” ideology. Results-driven and ambitious, this team of individuals represents a functional balance between meeting company objectives and the needs of people around the world. The organization is comprised of sales and marketing professionals who are passionate about their role in bringing Merck's prescription medicines, vaccines, and other medical products to our customers worldwide. Position Description: Global Digital Content is responsible for launch planning and execution, brand building and creative development, communication strategies, and core digital content for use across channels and aligned with the commercial strategy for key global brands. We are currently recruiting for a Senior Specialist that has extensive digital marketing experience and has demonstrated positive business impact – preferably in healthcare – leveraging digital capabilities to reach a broad audience. The ideal candidate would have expertise in digital content development translating key insights from multiple audiences and countries. Experience with content and campaign optimization across channels using actionable metrics is also preferred. You would also possess the following competencies and expertise: Subject matter expert for digital content development, planning, and execution Sourcing, approval, and management of content Use analytics to measure and optimize digital content, campaigns, and targeting Understand digital capability similarities and differences across key countries Anticipate customer preferences – particularly among digitally native healthcare professionals and consumers – including relevant use of social media, mixed reality, artificial intelligence, and video Collaborate with teams across the enterprise to establish content development best practices and to crowd source creativity Advance digital content capabilities by identifying new opportunities, seeking necessary input from key stakeholders, and operationalizing the ideas Infuse knowledge across the organization about emerging and relevant channels/technology Partner with internal stakeholders to ensure adherence to global legal and regulatory standards Qualifications Position Qualifications: Education Minimum Requirement: Bachelor Degree required. Advanced degree preferred. Required Experience and Skills: Minimum of 5 years of digital content marketing experience Expertise working with various digital channels Experience using analytics to measure and optimize digital initiatives/campaigns Preferred Experience and Skills: Healthcare or pharmaceutical industry experience is a plus, but not required Creative thinking / problem-solving skills Ability to work effectively across teams Self-motivated; hands-on approach to work Knowledge of user experience design Communicates proactively and effectively Bias towards speed and agility Your role at Merck is integral to helping the world meet new breakthroughs that affect generations to come, and we’re counting on your skills and inventiveness to help make meaningful contributions to global medical advancement. At Merck, we’re inventing for life. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to staffingaadar@merck.com. Search Firm Representatives Please Read Carefully: Merck & Co., Inc. is not accepting unsolicited assistance from search firms for this employment opportunity. Please, no phone calls or emails. All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at Merck via email, the Internet or in any form and/or method without a valid written search agreement in place for this position will be deemed the sole property of Merck. No fee will be paid in the event the candidate is hired by Merck as a result of the referral or through other means. Visa sponsorship is not available for this position. For more information about personal rights under Equal Employment Opportunity, visit: EEOC Poster EEOC GINA Supplement LI-EK1 Job: Marketing Communications/Channels Other Locations: Kenilworth, NJ, US Employee Status: Regular Travel: Yes, 10 % of the Time Number of Openings: 2 Shift (if applicable): N/A Hazardous Materials: No Company Trade Name: Merck