Job Description: Job Summary : The Integration Developer is responsible to support for complex application systems requiring knowledge of one or more programming languages. These tasks are wide ranging but primarily concern the integration of self-contained systems, both internal and external, to meet business and technical goals. Work with internal IT team and organizational end users, as necessary, to clarify current operating procedures and communicate integration objectives. Prepares technical specifications from which integration solutions will be developed. This position will work with a team of varying skills sets in a collaborative process. A successful candidate will have the ability to cross train co- workers in essential skills and to absorb training from co-workers. Essential Duties and Responsibilities : This list should specifically describe the job duties of the role Provide support for application systems and business processes. Design, develop, analyze, code, configure, test, debug, maintain and refine business applications to fit customer requirements for complex projects with direction from Project Lead or more experienced team member. Recommend improvements to business processes as supported by application systems. Collect information to analyze and evaluate existing or proposed application designs. Prepare technical specifications from which solutions will be developed, configured or integrated with assistance from Project Lead or more experienced team member. Convert technical specifications into code using proprietary and non-proprietary tools with assistance from Project Lead or more experienced team member. Write high quality source code to support application components and the development of applications. Support the development and coordination of system and integration test plans; partner with quality assurance testing teams to identify errors and confirm business specifications have been achieved. Provide system administration support and day-to-day troubleshooting for custom application systems. Support the development of end-user training materials. Integrate software components and 3rd party programs. Required Experience: Qualifications/Requirements : This list should specifically describe the prior job experience, knowledge, skills and abilities that a candidate would need to be successful Excellent interpersonal, oral, and written communication skills Demonstrated ability to interface effectively and communicate with Project Lead and customers Desire to learn all aspects of the Tolling arena including software, hardware, and business Desire to be part of the high paced, high energy environment Have a “can-do” positive attitude and the willingness to get hands dirty Familiarity with Agile methodologies is a plus Educational Requirements: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Information Technology, or equivalent science-based degree. Work experience highly valued. Technical Skills: Understanding one or more programming languages. The preferred programming languages are Java, Python (2 or 3), HTML, JavaScript, SQL, Jelly and Angular JS etc. Knowledge of MS Word, Excel, Visio and PowerPoint Knowledge of the 3rd party tools: Zenoss, ServiceNow, Jaspersoft, ELK Stack, but not required. Keyword: Integration Developer From: Electronic Transaction Consultants Corporation