Are you an innovative IT professional looking to utilize new technology and work on breakthrough projects? Do you love working in an environment where you can directly see your contribution come to fruition to the team and company? If so, we want you to join our team! The Software Developer is responsible for building business applications. This includes anything between complex groups of back-end services and their client-end (desktop and mobile) counterparts. Your primary responsibility will be to design and develop these applications, and to coordinate with the rest of the team working on different layers of the infrastructure. Thus, a commitment to collaborative problem solving, sophisticated design, and product quality is essential. This is a fantastic opportunity to engage at an exciting time at Smartwatt and be a part of an unlimited potential for success and growth. Our Software Developer’s contributions to the team include: Designing, developing and modifying software based on functional and system requirements. Working closely with Business Analysts, Product Stake Holders and Development Team to understand and define functional and system requirements. Assisting in the organization and analysis of data for company reporting needs. Participating in software system testing and validation procedures. Providing ongoing maintenance and bug fixes to existing applications. Creating and maintaining technical documentation for software being developed. Providing end-user support for troubleshooting software related issues. Tracking and reporting on project and support related tasks and activities. Pro-actively detecting issues or continuous improvement actions needed and execute solutions. Implementing automated testing platforms and unit tests. Additional projects as assigned. The core components of success are (i.e. must haves): A Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field At least 5 years of experience working on a development team with Java, and related ecosystems At least 3 years of experience with cloud architectures Basic understanding of the class loading mechanism in Java Basic understanding of JVM, its limitations, weaknesses, and workarounds The following are a definite plus , so if you’ve got it be sure to tell us! Basic understanding of agile methodology Experience with Microsoft Cloud Computing Platform and Services, Azure Cloud Computing Certification Agile Certification Come join a company that is committed to going further to understand what is needed and engineer what is possible. WHAT we do and WHY we do it ? SmartWatt is a nationwide, fast-growing company that maximizes the value of infrastructures by optimizing energy and building systems. We design and build energy efficiency upgrade projects that help our customers achieve financial savings, energy reductions and an enhanced environment that fosters productivity, comfort and safety. We are driven and passionate about partnering with our customers and providing expertise to create more efficient and optimized environments for their employees, students, teachers and communities to thrive in. We strive to be better, do better and achieve better results for our customers. Our teams of experts don’t follow trends. We set them. We embrace change. We challenge the norm. We make promises - and we keep them. We earn our customers' business by creating value for them, showing genuine concern and understanding of their needs, building deep relationships, and ensuring they are happy. Our customers see and feel our constant care for every project. Our Benefits and Perks At SmartWatt, we ensure you are supported and valued. To help do this, we offer a competitive compensation and benefits package. Some of our benefits & perks include: Medical Dental Vision HSA FSA/DCA Employee wellness reimbursement $ Group wellness activities Fungineering Company 401(k) match In true SmartWatt fashion, we are continually reviewing and re-imagining what we can offer to meet our employee’s needs!