The Cable ONE Geographic Information Systems (GIS) Administrator provides and coordinates research and data analysis, systems, design, programming, and support of computer-based spatialNET GIS mapping and related software. This position ensures that projects are completed in a timely and accurate manner. The Geographical Information Systems Administrator is also responsible for assigning the proper work to contractors and being their main point of contact. RESPONSIBILITIES: Assists the Engineering team develop and implement plans positively impacting the accuracy of our maps that support Cable One strategies, standards, and policies. Serves as a subject matter expert in and provides technical expertise for SpatialNET GIS technologies to contractors and/or Cable One users. Coordinates the development and/or administration of SpatialNET GIS projects, including but not limited to the development of technical priorities, reporting, interface coordination and budgets. Creates, analyzes, reports, converts or transfers data using specialized applications and program software to facilitate the import and export of information from or to SpatialNET GIS. Leads, coaches, trains, and/or supervises technicians or other staff in the use of SpatialNET GIS analytical tools and procedures. Meets with contractors and Cable One staff to discuss topics such as technical specifications, customized solutions, or operational problems. Works with minimal detailed direction while staying on strategy and keeping the engineering team adequately informed. Other duties and/or responsibilities not specifically set forth above may, however, be assigned as needed. BACKGROUND/ QUALIFICATIONS: Bachelor's degree (B. A.) from a four-year college or university; and a minimum of two years related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience. ESRI ArcMap, Google Maps, and Google Earth experience required. Experience with ESRI ArcGIS Online, Server, and Desktop, including the Spatial Analyst and Network Analyst extensions, FME preferred. Experience with Structured Query Language (SQL), Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio, and Oracle SQL Developer preferred. In depth knowledgeable of and hands on experience with RF and Fiber design principles using SpatialNET GIS, Autodesk AutoCAD and AutoCAD Map 3D. Substantial PC skills required, including Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint. Must be assertive and results-oriented with a commitment to maintaining superior service for customers. Ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously and to effectively meet deadlines. Must be detail-oriented and well organized.