Description Xilinx develops highly flexible and adaptive processing platforms that enable rapid innovation across a variety of technologies - from the endpoint to the edge to the cloud. Xilinx is the inventor of the FPGA, hardware programmable SoCs and the ACAP (Adaptive Compute Acceleration Platform), designed to deliver the most dynamic processor technology in the industry and enable the adaptable, intelligent and connected world of the future in a multitude of markets including Data Center (Compute, Storage and Networking); Wireless/5G and Wired Communications; Automotive/ADAS; Emulation & Prototyping; Aerospace & Defense; Industrial Scientific & Medical, and others. Xilinx's core strengths simultaneously address major industry trends including the explosion of data, heterogeneous computing after Moore's Law, and the dawn of artificial intelligence (AI). Our global team is growing and we are looking for bold, collaborative and creative people to help us lead the industry transformation to build an adaptable intelligent world. We believe that by embracing diverse ideas, striving for excellence in all that we do, and working together as a unified team, we can accomplish anything. Come do your best work and live your best life as part of the ONEXILINX team! The Sales Operations team supports the worldwide sales team and sales process, enabling tracking, reporting and providing analytics which aid in viewing trends, discerning direction of business and are critical in the decision- making process. As a Senior Business Analyst on this team, you will collaborate with colleagues at all levels and in all functions to continuously improve and align with the sales process and business requirements. Primary responsibilities : Provide reporting and analysis for both opportunity and revenue data. Create presentations for management meetings which summarize key business trends Ad hoc reporting as needed to meet Sales Initiatives Work cross functionally within Sales representing field requirements on projects and rolling out new functionality to the field Support Field Operations and Corporate Channel Management initiatives as necessary Minimum qualifications : BA/BS degree 2+ years of experience with data analysis MS Excel (database and analysis – vlookup, formulas, data reconciliation, concatenation, etc.) Background in Sales Operations and/or Channel Operations or closely related field Excellent communication skills, both written and oral Desired qualifications : Familiarity with data reporting tools (e.g. Oracle OBIEE and Discoverer, Siebel) MS PowerPoint Knack for solving problems and curiosity for how things work Expertise and experience with data visualization, reporting techniques and dealing with imperfections in data