Job Description: Applied Research Engineers at Magic Leap lead the efforts in developing novel algorithmic architecture towards the end goal of solving and building Artificial General Intelligence for Mixed Reality. In a collaborative environment, across multiple disciplines, we develop solutions to fundamental questions in mixed reality experiences using machine learning and AI. Applied Research Engineers leverage their domain knowledge and explore the use of machine learning approaches to solve broad cognition and perception problems. They also work closely with software engineers on the deployment of machine learning models for a variety of Mixed Reality experiences. So if you are passionate about data-driven machine learning and hate feature engineering, then you must apply! Responsibilities: Special focus on modeling attention, knowledge, and memory. Identify and develop machine learning projects that may be deployable within key Mixed Reality disciplines. Publish at key academic conferences. Design, implement and evaluate models, agents and software prototypes for science problems Suggest and engage in team collaborations to meet research goals as well as broader Magic Leap programs Work with external collaborators and maintain relationships with relevant research labs and key individuals as appropriate Qualifications: 10 years industry experience Strong Deep Learning expertise, including Reinforcement Learning Scientific thinking and the ability to invent, a track record of thought leadership and contributions that have advanced the field Good written and spoken communication skills. A proven track record of publications Machine Learning. Strong software engineering skills in Python and C++. Experience with implementing numerical methods and data visualization. Good knowledge of algorithm design and statistics A passion for AI. Education: Ph.D. in Computer Science, Applied Math or similar related fields Additional Information \---------------------- All your information will be kept confidential according to Equal Employment Opportunities guidelines.