Hot Job: Data Migration Consultant Location: Silver Spring, Maryland _RESPONSIBILITIES:_ Design Data Collection, Migration, and Quality Control Procedures Design and incorporate a robust set of quality control (QC) procedures to ensure that data and metadata are captured accurately, consistently, and without confounding errors. The QC procedures will include documenting data provenance (e.g., source, date of extraction), data lineage (e.g., transformations, missing value handling), and identifying automated and semi- automated testing and reviews (e.g., peer, management reviews). Compile the component inputs into a draft plan. _REQUIREMENTS:_ Be able to build data queries in PL/SQL and data mapping in Informatica products (PowerCenter and IDQ). Familarity with Informatica MDM, and ILM is desirable. Need to have 5+ years of data migration experience and have strong communication skills. Data Governance Lead Local Candidates Preferred. Please provide link to LinkedIn profile when applying. _RESPONSIBILITIES:_ The selected candidate will lead the data governance initiative for the client and deliver a data governance implementation plan at the end of 8 weeks on- site. Consultant will be responsible for leading the meetings with stakeholders and identifying data governance issues and gaps. Must be able to communicate effectively and speak knowledgeably on the topic of data governance with participants of varying roles from operational level to senior executive level participants. Must also be able to describe and talk about best practices and coach the client resources on implementing data governance. Included in the implementation plan should be a roadmap for establishing a data governance framework, data policies and standards to address issues identified during stakeholder meetings and clear objectives for data governance. Consultant must be self-motivated and able to work independently as needed. Experience with a data governance lifecycle from start to finish is required. Extensive knowledge and understanding of Data Governance and MDM are critical. Should be available to stay on after the initial 8 weeks to help support and/or lead the Data Governance implementation if requested. _PRIMARY ACCOUNTABILITY:_ Create and present a slide deck for the Data Governance Kick-off Manage the Data Governance BA who will be working under the lead position Work with the business stakeholders to determine the current state and identify the data governance gaps and issues Define steps to establish a Data Governance Council Deliver recommendations for Data Governance policies and procedures Create and present the Data Governance Implementation Roadmap