Where good people build rewarding careers. Think that working in the insurance field can’t be exciting, rewarding and challenging? Think again. You’ll help us reinvent protection and retirement to improve customers’ lives. We’ll help you make an impact with our training and mentoring offerings. Here, you’ll have the opportunity to expand and apply your skills in ways you never thought possible. And you’ll have fun doing it. Join a company of individuals with hopes, plans and passions, all using and developing our talents for good, at work and in life. Job Description The Opportunity We are the Good Hands; we help people realize their hopes and dreams through products and services designed to protect them from life’s uncertainties and to prepare them for the future. Nearly every major Allstate project has a partnership with technology – a partnership that is imperative to the success of the organization. With the company’s size and related technology scale, job opportunities and career advancement paths in IT are abundant at Allstate. In order to maintain our place at the forefront of the technological landscape, Allstate needs to hire the best and the brightest talent – is that you? The Role Allstate is looking for top analytics engineers to help build next generation data analytic and big data platforms and software solutions. The Advanced Analytics Engineer works in an agile environment interacting with multiple technology and business areas designing and developing next generation analytics platforms and applications. The individual will have a focus on predictive and descriptive modeling with the ability to leverage these skills to make informed business decisions. The Analytics Engineer must have a strong math and programming background and an understanding of experimental methods. The Engineer is responsible for the strategy and design of complex projects as well as coding, and also supports project planning and mentoring. The applicant must be an effective communicator as this individual will be interfacing with different areas including business clients, technology, architecture, and infrastructure services. Job Description Responsibilities Uses best practices to develop statistical and machine learning techniques to address business needs Uses and learns a wide variety of tools including R, Python, Scala and any other future analytic systems or languages Researches and evaluates new tools and technologies to solve business problems Responsible for designing and building new Big Data applications for analyzing data into actionable insights Responsible for development of advanced analytics solutions and integrating new tools to improve descriptive, predictive and prescriptive analytics Translates business concepts to technical implementations to drive alignment and decision making Work on an geographically dispersed team embracing Agile and DevOps strategies for themselves and others while driving adoption to enable greater technology and business value Participate in strategic planning discussions with technical and non-technical partners Mentors others and continually develops themselves Job Qualifications Job Qualifications Degree in Scientific or Quantitative field such as mathematics, computer science, or biology Experience using statistical modeling or machine learning to build models that drive decisions Experience in R, Python and/or Scala Familiarity with source control solutions (ex git, GitHub) Good verbal and written communication skills Open to new ideas and technologies with a strong desire to learn Ability to analyze and solve problems in a creative and innovative fashion Ability to research and document project design, approach and architecture Ability to engage subject matter experts and translate business goals into actionable solutions Ability to work effectively with business and technical teams Ability to identify and drive aligned technical direction with all stakeholders Ability to meet deadlines, goals and objectives Works collaboratively with multiple areas and comfortable leading projects and mentoring others Experience managing and manipulating large datasets Familiarity and comfort with participating in a high-performing geographically dispersed team Experience developing large-scale distributed applications in Spark, Hadoop, Hive, and/or Impala Sound knowledge of Relational Databases (No-SQL databases and Hadoop is a plus) The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation, which includes a drug screen. Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®. As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary – but that’s just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, you’ll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life - including a generous paid time off policy. Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video. Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position. Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component. For jobs in San Francisco, please click "here" for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. For jobs in Los Angeles, please click "here" for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance. It is the policy of Allstate to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity/gender expression, disability, and citizenship status as a veteran with a disability or veteran of the Vietnam Era.