Job Description Supports customer logistics requirements through the analysis, organization, planning and administration of various phases of day-to-day provisioning, spares, maintenance and/or repair activities. 1\. Complete provisioning, updates, maintenance and configuration to Navy APL/AELs and also review and complete FCFBRs to provide the fleet with logistics support. 2\. Develops logistics plans, Provisioning Technical Documentation (PTD) and provide guidance verbally and in writing to facilitate distribution of goods and supplies. 3\. Conducts distribution and network studies, monitors inventory and analyzes requirements in order to develop strategies to achieve desired delivery times. 4\. Maintains current knowledge of relevant technologies as assigned. 5\. Participates in special projects as required. 6\. Position will be full time and located in Philly Navy Yard working for GDIT. Education Bachelor’s Degree in a related technical or military discipline, or the equivalent combination of education, professional training, or work/military experience. Graduate of a trade or technical school is acceptable. Qualifications 0-2 years of related experience in logistics, traffic and/or supply chain management. SKILLS & ABILITIES 1\. Basic knowledge of the principles, methods, processes, and applicable regulations involved in supporting logistics operations. 2\. Should have a Mechanical background. 3\. Should know how to read and follow drawings and be familiar with the associated drawing’s parts list/list of material (LOM) 4\. Must be a good communicator and eager to learn. 5\. Should have good computer skills. Familiar with MS Outlook, Word and Excel 6\. Should have good computer skills with MS Outlook, Word and Excel. Familiarization/experience utilizing any of the following navy logistics web application/databases such as ICAPS, CDMD-OA, FEDLOG and HAYSTACKS is a Plus. 7\. Must have or be qualified to obtain a US government Security Clearance. WORKING CONDITIONS The work is typically performed at client site locations, which requires proper safety precautions; work may require some physical effort in the handling of light materials, boxes or equipment. For more than 50 years, General Dynamics Information Technology has served as a trusted provider of information technology, systems engineering, training and professional services to customers across federal, state, and local governments, and in the commercial sector. Over 40,000 GDIT professionals deliver enterprise solutions, manage mission-critical IT programs and provide mission support services worldwide. GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class.