The Microsoft Cloud Infrastructure and Operations (MCIO) group is an exciting and fast evolving engineering group within Microsoft and powering Microsoft’s Cloud First mission. MCIO is responsible for designing, building and operating Microsoft unified global datacenters; managing demand planning and capacity utilization of the unified infrastructure; and for all the operations needed to run the physical infrastructure. The organization is responsible for strategy and delivery of the foundational platform for all Microsoft Online Services including demand and capacity forecasting, supply chain, data centers, networking, bandwidth, operations, and incident management. MCIO supports over 200 online businesses including Bing, O365, OneDrive, Xbox and Windows Azure branded services. The MCIO Cloud Supply Chain & Provisioning Engineering (CSCP-E) team is responsible for building a world class agile supply chain management and execution platform for increased predictability and efficiency to deliver superior customer experience at optimal cost. Are you interested in guiding key business decisions around Microsoft Cloud (Azure) customer bases? Are you interested in honing your data engineering & analytics skills? Do you want to build a cutting-edge highly scalable analytics platform using latest technologies such as Azure Data Lake, Kusto, SQL Server, Power BI, Cosmos? MCIO Cloud Supply Chain & Provisioning Engineering (CSCP-E) Analytics team is looking for an experienced, self-driven, analytical Senior Business Intelligence professional. In this role, you will be working in creating Single Authoritative Data platform, enabling analytics to measure pulse of Microsoft Cloud Provisioning business. Responsibilities The right candidate will possess excellent business and communication skills, be able to work with business owners to develop and define key business questions, work with the team to create analytics platform that will help in analyzing data to answer those questions. Your responsibility will include the following: Design, implement and support Supply Chain & Deployment Analytical platform that will enable insights to analyze and measure the rhythm of business Developing ETL platform to acquire and integrate data from diverse sources like Azure Data Lake, Kusto, SQL Server, Cosmos, flat files etc. Create Near Real Time Data Mart to support business operational requirement Recognize and adopt best practices in reporting and analysis: data integrity, test design, analysis, validation, and documentation Create reports / dashboards using Microsoft technologies like Power BI. Continually improve ongoing reporting and analysis processes, automating or simplifying self-service support for customers Create analytical model, performing analyses on data to identify trends, patterns, correlations, and providing insights from data. You will partner and collaborate with engineering groups, business stakeholders to predict Supply Chain & Deployment Milestones and identify risks that will help in proactive mitigation and smooth deployment Qualifications Skills & Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, MIS, related technical field, or equivalent work experience. At least 2 years of relevant work experience in analytics, data engineering, business intelligence or related field Both technically deep and business savvy enough to interface with all levels and disciplines within the organization Demonstrable ability in data modeling, ETL development, and Data warehousing, or similar skills Demonstrable skills and experience using SQL with large data sets (e.g. Oracle, SQL Server, Redshift) Proven track record of successful communication of analytical outcomes through written communication, including an ability to effectively communicate with both business and technical teams Preferred experience/skills: Graduate degree in computer science, business, mathematics, statistics, economics, or other quantitative field 2+ years prior experience in a Data Engineer role with a technology company or financial institution. Knowledge of Advanced SQL and scripting for automation (e.g. Python, Perl or R) Experience with Azure Data Lake, Kusto, Tabular Cube (Analysis Services) Familiarity with statistical models and data mining algorithms Experience with Hadoop or other map/reduce "big data" systems and services. Experience in Data Center Supply Chain business Exceptional interpersonal and communications (verbal and written) skills. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.