Our client is a mission-minded SaaS company headquartered in Austin that is building a new product to improve the way they deliver their solution to clients. This role focuses on the design, development, and deployment of our client's SaaS Platforms’ Enterprise Datawarehouse & underlying Data Transformations. Applying a strong technical and data lifecycle understanding, this Engineer will partner with other Developers, Data Engineers, Data Scientists, and the DevOps Teams to create Data Science Platforms. Job Responsibilities Designing and developing schemas, attributes, facts, advanced report design, data aggregation, and advanced report services development. Using tools including Web Intelligence, Report Services, Pentaho Spoon, and Report Services. Providing well-documented, efficient and effective solutions to meet business needs. Institutionalizing a Data Management Culture to support the company’s scale initiatives. Mapping data elements and attributes into the Enterprise Data Model. Developing solutions with team members to implement defined and documented data requirements. Learning new technologies and sharing your knowledge with the team. Advocating for new features, new technologies and processes. Prototyping ideas for discussion/demonstration. Providing guidance on data security compliance initiatives. Participating in code reviews. Required Skills & Qualifications Experience with Agile development methodologies. Working knowledge of Microsoft SQL Server, MySql, and/or PostgreSQL. 5+ years’ experience in reporting/analytic role with a focus on data transformation, ETL, and design. Advanced SQL Development Skills. Knowledge of dimensional database design. Experience with Pentaho Spoon, Microsoft SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), or other Enterprise Data Transformation Tools Working Knowledge of Python and other automation technology frameworks is a plus. Working Knowledge of Java is a bonus. Experience with SAP Business Objects is a plus. Experience with Sparx Systems Enterprise Architect or other Data Modeling Tools is desired. Experience with Big Data Technologies including Amazon MapReduce, Hadoop, Cassandra, SAP Hana, Microsoft HDInsight, Amazon RedShift, Amazon Glue, and similar technology stacks.