About Us At Seton, we’re using the power of purpose to change healthcare for the better. _As part of Ascension's Texas Ministry Market we do this through collaboration._ Seton brings great minds and proven results from the across the nation together. From the best hires and strategic plans for growth, to the proactive connections we make within our community, we reach out to move ahead. Now, partnering with the University of Texas to build the new Dell Seton Medical Center, our future looks brighter than ever. _We do this in force._ With more than 12,800 associates, Seton is the leading healthcare service provider in Central Texas as well as its second largest employer. We serve an eleven county area of more than 1.8 million people. We have five urban acute care hospitals, two rural hospitals, a mental health hospital, three primary care clinics for the uninsured, and an increasing number of storefront care locations. _We do this with vision._ Since our founding in 1902, Seton has led the way in Austin - expanding thoughtfully and with purpose; caring for our neighbors, because we know them so well. As a non-profit with a mission - rather than a bottom line - guiding us, improving health at a community level is our number one priority. _Austin._ _It’s our home, and our heart._ Located at the center of Texas hill country - just a few hours from Dallas, Houston, and San Antonio - Austin offers an appealing blend of hometown comfort and high-tech care. Whether you are looking for a vibrant nightlife and live music, recreational areas and activities, family-friendly fun, or educational offerings, Austin is a city that not only calls to you, but gently encourages you to sit down and stay awhile. With cultural diversity, a mild climate (and truly great outdoors), attractive and affordable housing options, and no state income tax, Austin is a feel-good choice for a rewarding way of life. _The way we connect,_ _the lives we affect._ The Seton Healthcare Family is always looking for dedicated, talented professionals willing to share their hearts with those we serve. Being part of our close-knit team means performing to a higher standard. Embracing innovation, while understanding the importance of individual connections. And continually collaborating, learning and growing to realize new levels of personal and professional satisfaction. Job Description Job Summary: Provides consultation and evaluation of new business opportunities and the development and implementation of strategy/planning initiatives. Responsibilities: Provides support in development of strategic plans and integration of the plan into the operational and budgeting cycles. Researches, organizes, and compiles information for review. Identifies program opportunities, develops strategies, prepares support documentation, and presents findings. Provides assistance with the implementation of strategic planning and development processes. Prepares and makes presentations of findings and recommendations to management and staff. Collects data and prepares reports on services, activities and community benefits for senior management. Qualifications Education: Diploma Bachelor's degree in a related field, or combination of High School degree and related experience required Master's degree in a related field preferred Work Experience: 3 Years Required Technical Experience. 5 Years Preferred Technical Experience. 1 Year Preferred Leadership/Mgmt Experience. Equal Employment Opportunity Seton Healthcare Family is an equal employment opportunity / Affirmative Action employer and complies with all applicable federal, state and local equal employment regulations and laws. It is the policy of the Seton Healthcare Family to afford equal employment opportunities to all employees and prospective employees without regard to their race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, citizenship status, veteran status, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic or status that is protected by federal, state, or local laws. This policy applies to all personnel actions, such as hiring, promotion, transfer, demotion, termination, layoff and all other conditions and privileges of employment in accordance with applicable federal, state, and local laws. Affirmative Action goes beyond the concept of equal employment opportunity. Affirmative Action policies and programs are required to overcome the present effects of past discrimination and to achieve equal employment opportunity for members of groups that are or have been formerly under-represented. Affirmative Action policies and programs are tools whereby additional efforts are made to recruit, employ and promote qualified members of formerly excluded groups, even if that exclusion cannot be traced to particular discriminatory actions. Through specific and result-oriented activities, Seton Healthcare Family’s goals are to ensure that every person is given full consideration through equal employment opportunity policies and practices and to achieve a representative workforce through its affirmative action efforts. It is further the policy of the Seton Healthcare Family to encourage vendors, contractors, affiliate institutions and others doing business with the Seton Healthcare Family to observe the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action. Seton Healthcare Family is an EEO/AA employer: M/F/Disabled/Vet.