About Akuna: Akuna Capital is a young and booming trading firm with a strong focus on collaboration, cutting-edge technology, data driven solutions and automation. We specialize in providing liquidity as an options market-maker – meaning we are committed to providing competitive quotes that we are willing to both buy and sell. To do this successfully we design and implement our own low latency technologies, trading strategies and mathematical models. Our Founding Partners, Andrew Killion and Mitchell Skinner, first conceptualized Akuna in their hometown of Sydney. They opened the firm’s first office in 2011 in the heart of the derivatives industry and the options capital of the world – Chicago. Today, Akuna is proud to operate from additional offices in Sydney, Shanghai, and Boston. Akuna Boston opened in the Fall of 2015. The team is comprised of a small group of Quant Developers and Researchers who are focused on building a world- class data and research platform. The team also collaborates with other quant and trading groups on projects that encompass data collection, statistical analysis, and strategy optimization. What you’ll do as a Junior Quantitative Researcher at Akuna: Akuna’s Quantitative Trading and Research team is looking to add Junior Quant Researchers to a team of mathematicians, statisticians and technologists. This team creates trading strategies scientifically by combining its quantitative expertise with sophisticated understanding of derivatives and financial markets. We are looking for talented researchers who can apply and develop machine learning algorithms to contribute to Akuna’s strategy portfolio. In this role you will: Develop trading strategies using statistical and machine learning algorithms Design and implement optimization algorithms for portfolio construction Advance existing initiatives and explore opportunities for new research topics Qualities that make great candidates: Masters or PhD degree in a technical field – Engineering, Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics (or a related subject) must be completed upon employment Expertise in statistics and machine learning Intermediate programming skills in Python (C++ is a plus) Experience of working on practical applications with real-world datasets Financial experience is not a requirement