Google is known for our innovative technologies, products and services — and for the people behind them. The Google People Services (GPS) team focuses on providing an amazing experience to past, present and future Googlers. You will lead and motivate a team of direct reports to achieve amazing performance goals. You'll work closely with the executive management team to set and develop business strategies. You will draw insights from analytics to make our people process smarter and more efficient. You will use your strong communication skills to tell rich, meaningful stories using data and influence decisions. You will develop strong relationships across the organization, working collaboratively with clients, peers and key leaders to drive results for your team, the department and clients. The Strategy and Effectiveness organization serves as the central planning group for People Operations, ensuring the entire function is delivering support in more than 100 offices around the world. We work across the leadership team in People Operations as well as several partner groups (e.g. Finance, Business Operations and Google teams) to lead business planning and manage strategic projects for the organization. Great just isn't good enough for our People Operations team (you probably know us better as "Human Resources"). Made up of equal parts HR professionals, former consultants and analysts, we're the champions of Google's colorful culture. In People Ops, we "find them, grow them, and keep them" - we bring the world's most innovative people to Google and provide the programs that help them thrive. Whether recruiting the next great Googler, refining our core programs, developing talent or simply looking for ways to inject some more fun into the lives of our Googlers, we bring a data-driven approach that is reinventing the human resources field. Responsibilities Manage individual contributors responsible for leading project work streams in support of organizational transformation. Ensure teams are resourced to deliver to objectives and identify path to resolve. Partner with relevant stakeholder teams within and beyond the Strategy organization to ensure progress to plan. Set expectations and manage communications on progress against goals with relevant executive staff within and outside of People Operations. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 10 years of experience working in strategy, consulting or business operations. 5 years of experience in managing and developing individuals. Preferred qualifications: Excellent business sense, problem solving, project management and analytical skills. Proven track record of working in a “user first” mindset. Ability to think big and systemically, with a bias to action and excellent attention to detail. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.