Qualifications All required qualifications must be documented on application materials. Required: BA/BS in the biological sciences or a combination of related education and work experience to equal four years Candidates must be comfortable working with mice and be willing to learn new techniques Flexibility and enthusiasm for learning Position will require both independent work and the ability to work within and support a team of graduate students and post-doctoral fellows Must be detail oriented and have good communication skills Preferred: Previous hands-on laboratory experience, particularly involving infectious agents and mouse handling Classroom or other experience in immunology and/or molecular biology About the Job Job description: The successful candidate will be joining a team of scientists continuing a newly established research direction examining the impact of infectious history on the immune system (Nature 532:512). This is a unique opportunity to participate in cutting-edge research projects and learn a broad range of current immunological techniques in mouse models. Close training and mentoring will be provided, with the expectation that over time self-sufficiency will grow and scientific data will be generated independently for publication and co-authorship. This position requires working within a BSL-3 level facility which mandates both security and health clearances. Responsibilities Mouse colony maintenance and organization (50%) Experimental procedures such as: blood and tissue collection, infection of mice, in vitro cell culture (25%) Assist other staff in their ongoing experimental studies (10%) Manage laboratory equipment operation and maintenance (5%) Communicate with veterinary staff and BSL-3 management as needed (5%) Other duties as assigned (5%) The University of Minnesota offers a comprehensive benefits package including: Competitive wages, paid holidays, vacation and sick leave Low cost medical, dental, and pharmacy plans Health care and dependent daycare flexible spending accounts Excellent retirement plans with employer match Disability and employer paid life insurance Wellbeing program with reduced insurance premiums Tuition reimbursement opportunities covering 75%-100% of eligible tuition Student loan forgiveness opportunity Opportunities for growth and promotion Employee Assistance Program For more information regarding benefits: https://humanresources.umn.edu/sites/humanresources.umn.edu/files/2018_tcd- cslr-75100-ben-0105-7.pdf How To Apply Applications must be submitted online. To be considered for this position, please click the Apply button and follow the instructions. You will be given the opportunity to complete an online application for the position and attach a cover letter and resume. Additional documents may be attached after application by accessing your "My Activities" page and uploading documents there. To request an accommodation during the application process, please e-mail employ@umn.edu or call (612) 624-UOHR (8647). Diversity The University recognizes and values the importance of diversity and inclusion in enriching the employment experience of its employees and in supporting the academic mission. The University is committed to attracting and retaining employees with varying identities and backgrounds. The University of Minnesota provides equal access to and opportunity in its programs, facilities, and employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, gender, age, marital status, disability, public assistance status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or gender expression. To learn more about diversity at the U: http://diversity.umn.edu. Background Check Information Any offer of employment is contingent upon the successful completion of a background check. Our presumption is that prospective employees are eligible to work here. Criminal convictions do not automatically disqualify finalists from employment. About the U of M The University of Minnesota, Twin Cities (UMTC) The University of Minnesota, Twin Cities (UMTC), is among the largest public research universities in the country, offering undergraduate, graduate, and professional students a multitude of opportunities for study and research. Located at the heart of one of the nation's most vibrant, diverse metropolitan communities, students on the campuses in Minneapolis and St. Paul benefit from extensive partnerships with world-renowned health centers, international corporations, government agencies, and arts, nonprofit, and public service organizations.