Min Salary: 42,000.00 Max Salary: 45,000.00 Avenica actively recruits college graduates seeking entry level positions using a proven, personalized process to connect grads with great jobs, not with an app or an algorithm. Whether you are fresh out of college and looking for your first real job, or a few years out and looking to redirect your entry level career, we can help you. Our model focuses on finding the right candidate for each position. To learn more, visit our website at www.Avenica.com. Avenica is currently recruiting for an Entry Level Business Analyst position. This is a great entry level position with ample opportunities for professional growth and development. Responsibilities may include: Prepare financial reports. Participate in improvement of master data management process. Conduct market research analysis. Ensure and measure master data integrity. Requirements: Bachelor's degree. All majors are encouraged to apply. 0-3 years of professional experience. Strong analytical skills, work ethic, independence, problem solving ability, effective communication skills, and overall positive attitude. Excellent oral and written communication skills. Proficiency with Microsoft Excel Strong organizational skills with the ability to multi-task while under pressure. Customer service oriented. Avenica considers the entire candidate – not just specific college degree or work experience – while trying to find a perfect career match. If we believe we can be a valuable resource to you in your job search, we will help you identify your transferable skills, discuss potential career options, and coach you on your resume and interview skills. All of our services are free of charge to job seekers. Our customized and personalized approach has helped us connect thousands of college graduates to meaningful entry-level jobs at high-growth companies. Avenica is an Equal Opportunity Employer and encourages applicants of all ages, experiences, and backgrounds to apply for open positions. Avenica does not discriminate on the basis an applicant’s age, race, color, creed, religion, national origin, sex, marital status, disability, sexual orientation, or status with regard to public assistance.