The Sr BI Analyst’s role is to create, maintain and improve reporting and analytical processes that drive strategic decision-making for the SMWE Sales, Marketing and Executive Teams. The ideal candidate is a detail oriented, resourceful professional who will use his/her skills and initiative to maintain the accuracy, integrity and reliability of key systems. He/She will have a strong hands-on data background and the ability to think strategically. Essential Functions: Responsible for utilizing shipment/depletion supply chain data, IRI/Nielsen syndicated data and/or retailer POS information and systems to generate actionable insight and analytics with a focus on Marketing and Executive constituents Provide ongoing analytical & reporting support for Business Intelligence Group initiatives Establish and maintain standards for accuracy, reliability and precision for published reports Attend staff meetings, prepare presentations. Non-Essential Functions: Occasional travel to present findings; work with field sales and/or marketing personnel Requirements Working Conditions: Office work; 10% travel possible Physical Requirements: Position is primarily data analysis requiring long hours of computer and some telephone work. Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree required, post graduate work a plus Expert level Microsoft Office skills (Excel, PowerPoint, Word, Access) Expert level data query skills with SQL based datamart Tableau experience preferred Minimum 1-3 years prior work experience in marketing analysis or sales/category analyst with specific knowledge or IRI and/or Nielsen systems, data and their uses in building category business reviews. Strong analytical skills and ability to synthesize data and simplify findings to solve business issues or identify opportunities. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Strong sense of urgency and accountability to deliver strong results. Passionate about learning new skills and technology. Able to work collaboratively with internal and external stakeholders. Strong organizational/prioritizing skills History of responsible use of alcohol and other appropriate conduct, as well as fitness to be licensed, permitted, and/or certified by state and/or local regulatory bodies. Ste. Michelle Wine Estates is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, sex, gender identity, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, veteran status, marital status, or other legally protected characteristics. Ste Michelle Wine Estates is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Should you have a disability that requires assistance and/or reasonable accommodation with the job application process, please contact the Human Resources department at 425-488-1133.