Job Details Description Position Title: Temporary Quality Control Coordinator Reports to: National Quality Control & Safety Manager Location: Farmington Hills, MI Alliance Inspection Management (AiM) is the nation’s premier vehicle inspection company. AiM provides the automotive industry’s leading companies with inspection and technology solutions. AiM employs over 800 inspectors throughout North America, and has developed award winning technology solutions that continue to revolutionize the automotive industry. AiM is a quickly growing company and we are seeking innovative and motivated employees prepared to grow with the company. I. Description: AiM is seeking self-motivated, detailed oriented, hardworking individuals to join our Quality Control team. A strong candidate would have prior work experience in customer service, sales, data analysis, and be proficient in the Microsoft Office Suite. A background in the automotive and/or auto auction industry is also beneficial. The coordinator will work closely with the National Quality Control & Safety Manager to create reports, analyze data, review, develop, and work with the AIM team to mitigate company-wide operational issues and safety concerns. The candidate will also provide daily quality reviews, and will have some opportunity to interact with multiple levels of the AiM organization. The role is multi-faceted and offers an opportunity to learn and grow within the organization. AiM offers a fast paced and exciting work environment that encourages an entrepreneurial spirit and outside the box thinking. II. Requirements Duties and Responsibilities: Assist with quality control reports, and quality control systems Review data for accuracy. Assist team with policies and procedures and continuous improvement initiatives Quality review of image quality and audits. Quality review of process and procedures for accuracy of inspections. Investigate and resolve quality issues and concerns. Work with all levels of associates to correct quality concerns through an escalation path. Correct and flag issues and concerns in a timely manner. Data input and maintain data integrity/accuracy within systems Some direct customer interaction. Regular and consistent attendance and availability Special Projects Other duties may be assigned III. Competencies: To perform the job successfully, an individual should demonstrate the following: Easily adapts to evolving priorities with the ability to maintain a high level of flexibility Excellent verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills Strong analytical and decision-making skills Excellent time and project management skills with the ability to multi-task and prioritize day- to-day responsibilities. Detail oriented, highly focused and very organized. Ability to maintain a high level of energy and enthusiasm Ability to work in a fast pace, high demand environment. Ability to take initiative in the absence of direction Excellent teamwork skills with the ability to establish and maintain positive and effective working relationships IV. Qualifications: Education & Training: Must have a minimum of a High School Diploma (or GED) 1-3 years of work related experience Knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite Automotive/Auction Industry experience a plus V. Physical Requirements: 1\. Travel: Zero to light travel required. 2\. Attendance/Availability: Regular and consistent attendance and availability. VI. Compensation Hourly/non-exempt VII. Classification This position is non-exempt and is eligible for overtime. Full Time employees are eligible to participate in AIM’s benefit plans, including medical, dental and 401k (upon completion of the first 60 days of employment, 90 for 401k, and beginning on the first of the next month). All offers would be made conditional upon passing a background check. AiM provides equal employment opportunity without regard to an applicant’s race, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, religion, or veteran status. Applicants with disabilities may be entitled to reasonable accommodation under the terms of the Americans with Disabilities Act and certain state or local laws. A reasonable accommodation is a change in the way things are normally done which will ensure an equal employment opportunity without imposing undue hardship on AiM. Please inform us if you need assistance completing any forms or to otherwise participate in the application process. To comply with Federal law, Alliance Inspection Management LLC, participates in E-Verify.