This position manages information relevant to forecasting business's future technical and operational information need and manages business and/or technology plans to ensure capability for alignment with business unit and KP's national and regional strategies. This role provides support to senior leadership by providing information regarding business systems, data and process initiatives and to cross-functional management and leadership by providing information regarding business and technology issues.This position also manages the implementation of technology or business process integration plans, and manages systems and business process activities. Essential Responsibilities: Conducts or oversees business-specific projects by applying deep expertise in subject area; promoting adherence to all procedures and policies; developing work plans to meet business priorities and deadlines; determining and carrying out processes and methodologies; coordinating and delegating resources to accomplish organizational goals; partnering internally and externally to make effective business decisions; solving complex problems; escalating issues or risks, as appropriate; monitoring progress and results; recognizing and capitalizing on improvement opportunities; evaluating recommendations made; and influencing the completion of project tasks by others. Practices self-leadership and promotes learning in others by building relationships with cross-functional stakeholders; communicating information and providing advice to drive projects forward; influencing team members within assigned unit; listening and responding to, seeking, and addressing performance feedback; adapting to competing demands and new responsibilities; providing feedback to others, including upward feedback to leadership and mentoring junior team members; creating and executing plans to capitalize on strengths and improve opportunity areas; and adapting to and learning from change, difficulties, and feedback. Provides recommendations to higher levels regarding the development and definition of the business/technology strategy by managing the input from lower levels. Manages the processes of region-wide, complex information systems needs in project areas such as new business operating models, innovative approaches to IT solutions support, market research of emerging or available product functionality and operational readiness assessment. Provides support to senior leadership by providing information regarding business systems, data and process initiatives. Provides support to cross-functional management and leadership by providing information regarding business and technology issues. Provides consultation and guidance to ensure technology or process owners have access to the required information and training for effective system or process operations. Develops, prepares, and utilizes reports to track operational performance across the full system lifecycle within and across business functions or areas. Tracks annual IT projects, staffing, purchasing, operations, and/or capital budgets. Supports senior leadership in reviewing performance metrics and outcomes to drive ongoing operational change and improvements. Conducts, reviews, and summarizes research on topics related to technology and business initiatives for lower levels and customers. Analyzes identified problems in technology and business solutions to determine cause and desired resolution. Responsible for technologies, systems solution design, data, and metrics in alignment with the organization's vision, goals and objectives. Responsible for the preparation of source documents and technical/business manuals and monitors the use of established and documented IT processes, tools, and best practices. Partners with departments and IT managers to support the development and testing of business continuity and disaster recovery-procedures and infrastructure procedures. Updates and maintains a knowledge repository of current technology and business processes for designated department or business area . Provides recommendations to higher levels regarding the development and definition of the business/technology strategy by managing the input from lower levels. Manages the processes of region-wide, complex information systems needs in project areas such as new business operating models, innovative approaches to IT solutions support, market research of emerging or available product functionality and operational readiness assessment. Provides support to senior leadership by providing information regarding business systems, data and process initiatives. Provides support to cross-functional management and leadership by providing information regarding business and technology issues. Provides consultation and guidance to ensure technology or process owners have access to the required information and training for effective system or process operations. Develops, prepares, and utilizes reports to track operational performance across the full system lifecycle within and across business functions or areas. Tracks annual IT projects, staffing, purchasing, operations, and/or capital budgets. Supports senior leadership in reviewing performance metrics and outcomes to drive ongoing operational change and improvements. Conducts, reviews, and summarizes research on topics related to technology and business initiatives for lower levels and customers. Analyzes identified problems in technology and business solutions to determine cause and desired resolution. Responsible for technologies, systems solution design, data, and metrics in alignment with the organization's vision, goals and objectives. Responsible for the preparation of source documents and technical/business manuals and monitors the use of established and documented IT processes, tools, and best practices. Partners with departments and IT managers to support the development and testing of business continuity and disaster recovery-procedures and infrastructure procedures. Updates and maintains a knowledge repository of current technology and business processes for designated department or business area .