The Sponsored Programs Business Analyst for Washington State University’s Finance Systems Modernization Initiative develops and implements process improvement initiatives, which includes working collaboratively with an energized team of WSU finance and HR experts and consultants to implement Workday for WSU. Responsibilities will include developing a wide range of expertise in WSU accounting and finance processes with a focus on Sponsored Programs. Also will design new processes and configure Sponsored Programs work streams in the new finance system to help improve systems that support all research at WSU. The incumbent will prepare personnel for new systems and updates and serve as an expert sponsored programs systems and process resource and will work with university stakeholder groups as a lead or participant in design workgroups. The successful candidate will have experience in research administration, a strong understanding of accounting principles and processes, a high level of comfort using and/or supporting a complex accounting system and passion for supporting change in our research finance system. Additional Information University Overview Founded as the people’s university in 1890, Washington State University fulfills that commitment by transforming lives through education, research, and community outreach. In 2015, the University celebrated 125 years of delivering life-changing knowledge and discoveries to citizens across the state, region, nation, and around the world. The state’s only land-grant institution and one of two public research universities, WSU provides a world- class education to nearly 30,000 students through its multi-campus, statewide locations and online. The University strives to ensure that higher education is accessible at an affordable cost—a decades-long WSU commitment to the state’s citizens. The University offers more than 200 undergraduate fields of study and 127 graduate and professional degree programs. Many academic programs win recognition nationally for excellence. WSU is one of just 108 public and private universities in the United States—out of more than 4,500—singled out for its “very high research activity” by the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching. The University’s research agenda is focused on addressing challenges in health, sustainability, smart systems, national security, and opportunity and equity. WSU is a major driver of Washington’s economy, partnering with many of the state’s leading industries, including agribusiness, aerospace, health care, software, and construction. The University is responsible for nearly 20,600 jobs statewide and generates an overall economic impact of more than $3.3 billion annually. The institution’s operating budget expenditures total nearly $2 billion annually. The City Pullman is a dynamic center of higher education, research, and culture located in a region called the Palouse. The region is home to two land grant universities, Washington State University and the University of Idaho located just eight miles to the east in Moscow, Idaho. Washington’s second-largest city, Spokane, is located 75 miles north of Pullman. Demographics Daily designated Pullman a “dreamtown,” reflecting the city’s exceptionally high quality of life. Bloomberg Businessweek named Pullman the “Best Places to Raise Your Kids” in Washington. The city also boasts one of the highest percentages of graduate degrees among U.S. micropolitan areas, and its public school system has been ranked among the top 100 in the country. Excellent outdoor recreation opportunities—including golfing, skiing, hiking, and boating—are just a short drive away. To learn more about the Pullman community, visit pullmanchamber.com Benefits Package Competitive benefits available, more details at hrs.wsu.edu/benefits Appointment Status Permanent Job Appointment (FTE%) 100% Position Term in Months 12 Monthly Salary Commensurate with qualifications and experience Position Qualifications Required Qualifications A Bachelor’s degree in Business, Management Information Systems, or related field AND three (3) years of professional experience in procedural, management, or business analysis work; OR a combination of education and experience totaling seven (7) years from which comparable knowledge and ability are acquired. Additional Requirements Related degrees include Finance, Accounting, or other Business fields. Demonstrated effective interpersonal, written, and oral communication skills. Demonstrated experience interpreting and applying laws, rules, policies, and procedures. Demonstrated ability to interact with large groups and individuals at all work levels. Demonstrated sensitivity to, and desire to promote, diversity. Demonstrated proficiency in the use of computers and software applications. A record showing commitment to customer service and the application of appropriate flexibility in response to issues and opposing points of view. Preferred Qualifications Demonstrated knowledge of business processes specifically related to sponsored programs in higher education. Demonstrated ability to successfully prepare and present policy interpretations, findings, and conclusions. Finance experience in a higher education setting Will this position require a background check? This position has been designated by the department to require a background check Posting Detail Information Open Date 07/19/2018 Close Date Open Until Filled Yes Special Instructions to Applicants This position will be open until filled. Screening is currently underway and will continue until the position is filled. This recruitment will be used to fill multiple vacancies. Application materials should clearly communicate how the applicant meets all required qualifications and additional requirements. At the time of application, please be prepared to submit a cover letter and resume. Within the online application, please include contact information for at least three professional (3) references. EEO Statement WASHINGTON STATE UNIVERSITY IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY/AFFIRMATIVE ACTION EDUCATOR AND EMPLOYER. Members of ethnic minorities, women, special disabled veterans, veterans of the Vietnam-era, recently separated veterans, and other protected veterans, persons of disability and/or persons age 40 and over are encouraged to apply. WSU employs only U.S. citizens and lawfully authorized non-U.S. citizens. All new employees must show employment eligibility verification as required by the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services. WSU is committed to providing access and reasonable accommodation in its services, programs, activities, education and employment for individuals with disabilities. To request disability accommodation in the application process, contact Human Resource Services: 509-335-4521(v), Washington State TDD Relay Service: Voice Callers: 1-800-833-6384; TDD Callers: 1-800-833-6388, 509-335-1259(f), or hrs@wsu.edu. Posting Number 20134408P Applicant Documents Required Documents Resume Cover Letter Optional Documents