WHO MAY APPLY: This recruitment is open to all Spokane County employees meeting the minimum requirements. Priority consideration will be given to Spokane County Master Contract members. First consideration will be given to 1553 members working in the Clerk's office; second consideration will be given to 1553 members countywide; third consideration will be given to all other master contract members; fourth consideration will be given to all other Spokane County employees. NOTE: THIS RECRUITMENT IS BEING RE-OPENED AND MAY BE USED TO FILL UP TO TWO (2) VACANCIES. _TOTAL COMPENSATION: $37,980.67 - $51,249.86 annually._ _Total compensation is an_ _estimate_ _based upon base compensation, median retirement fund contributions, and current employer-paid health and related benefit contribution rates (including medical, dental, life insurance, long term disability, and leave). The actual total will vary depending upon each employee's enrollment choices._ This is specialized office support work in the Spokane County Clerk's Office for the Superior Court in legal process of judgments, criminal, civil, domestic, probate, guardianship, adoption, paternity, civil commitment, dismissals, appeals and juvenile dependency, offender, and truancy. Examples of Duties: Prepare, process and enter all cases and documents filed into the JIS statewide systems. Process and enter all restraining orders, ensuring law enforcement has been accurately notified. Process, and insure safekeeping of all confidential reports & files and not permit examination except in conformity with court rules. Prepare case file folders and labels; place documents into case files and file same. Review and prepare all documents for scanner accommodations, verify information, and place into proper legal order. Scan documents into the Imaging system, index and link to SCOMIS. Each page must be reviewed, ensuring the image is accurate as the permanent official court record wherein the integrity of the image must be maintained in perpetuity. Resolve errors, discrepancies, document deletes, re-scan and commit images to verify information in the Imaging system. Print, fax and distribute images and/or documents as required to various county, state departments & agencies, insuring the safekeeping of confidential court records. Process and enter all judgment documents & money amounts, appeals from courts of limited jurisdiction, appeals to courts of higher jurisdiction, and change of venues to other counties. Maintain reports to ensure compliance with state statutes, court rules, and statistics. Prepare, process and verify dismissals for want of prosecution. Initiate or assist in identifying, evaluating and resolving problems occurring in day-to-day operations and in the JIS, SCOMIS and Imaging systems. Prepare legal documents, court orders, abstracts of judgment, and letters for transfer of assets; process transcripts of court hearings and trials; record court proceedings in civil commitment cases; respond to or initiate contact with other agencies, attorneys and individuals when required. Process all criminal judgment & sentences to Sentencing Guidelines Commission, prepare removal of rights notices to Elections Depts., Firearms reporting, Dept. of Licensing reporting and abstracts to various state depts. Prepare correspondence; advise and assist attorneys, court personnel and others in filing of proper documents in specific court areas; review and maintain current laws and rules to insure legal implementation; adapt work procedures to comply with technological advances. Research microfilm, search for missing documents, files, and rebuild court records from microfilm or Imaging system. Performs other related duties as required. Minimum Requirements: TRAINING AND EXPERIENCE: Two years experience at a level of Court Clerk or three years at a level equivalent to Office Assistant 3 in a related work area. LICENSE: None Selection Factors: Considerable knowledge of: the legal terminology and the court procedures of the Superior Courts as they relate to judgments, processing all pleadings and Juvenile Court procedures. current laws and rules governing the office of the County Clerk and the specific court area. Knowledge of: technical court processing methods, forms and techniques. domestic relations court methods, forms and techniques. technical methods used in image processing. Ability to: scan and link court pleadings within the established standard. understand and execute oral and written instructions and to apply available guidelines to various situations. deal effectively and maintain good working relationships with the Court, its offices and the public. establish and maintain effective working relationships with supervisors and co-workers. communicate effectively both orally and in writing. Skilled in the use of personal computer, software and equipment related to performing the required duties.