Requisition ID: 27085 Gexa Energy/NextEra Energy Services is one of the fastest-growing retail energy providers, delivering innovative energy solutions with affordable electricity plans, including 100 percent renewable energy plans to more than 1.1 million residential and business customers throughout North America. Position Specific Description We are seeking a Business Analyst who has a passion for the Retail Energy Market. The ideal candidate will have retail electricity experience working in a sales support or operations. As part of the Mass markets Business Development team, the Business Analyst will play a key role in Residential Broker Channel initiatives and will support and help grow our broker/third party relationships. This role is responsible for sales support of brokers to drive enrollment growth across a broad range of partners, platforms, and markets. The successful candidate will build relationships across a variety of stakeholders internally and externally. The individual will be a self-starter, operate with an entrepreneurial spirit and experience with streamlining and developing processes. Knowledge and understanding of retail energy markets, and 2+ years of experience in sales support t for alternative channels within the retail energy industry or similar industry. Able to facilitate and lead operational changes/projects. Identify and make recommendations day to day operations and reporting. Troubleshoot broker/partner system issues. Work closely with internal functional groups including marketing, business operations, IT, legal, and regulatory to support channel partner business development objectives. Maintain professional relationships with key personnel in assigned channel partner accounts. Coordinate with legal & regulatory on all legal and regulatory matters related to assigned alternative channel & partner relationships including marketing collateral, customer complaints and regulatory compliance. Knowledge and understanding of retail energy markets, and 2+ years of experience in sales support t for alternative channels within the retail energy industry or similar industry. Positive professional demeanor and appearance to act as a positive representation of Gexa Energy in front of brokers/clients. Good interpersonal skills, including establishing rapport with alternative channels & partners through regular contact by phone and in person. All candidates must have the ability to travel as necessary within given territory/market. We strengthen and engage our greatest asset – our people!! We look forward to working together and making an impact! Job Overview Employees in this role conduct complex operational analyses and lead medium to large project teams that support informed decision making within the business unit. Job Duties & Responsibilities Conducts analyses and prepares reports that provide operation and/or technical support to business operations Conducts quantitative and qualitative research to support medium to large special projects Assists with process design and modification for continuous business improvement Performs other job-related duties as assigned Required Qualifications High School Grad / GED Experience:2+ years Preferred Qualifications Quality Tools and Techniques Effective Written Communications Effective Verbal Communications Financial Analysis Microsoft Office Suite Bachelor's Degree Employee Group: Exempt Employee Type: Full Time Job Category: Finance, Accounting & Business Analytics Organization: Gexa Energy LP Location: Houston, Texas Other Work Locations: Texas Relocation Provided: No NextEra Energy is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to race, color, age, national origin, religion, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetics, disability, protected veteran status or any other basis prohibited by law. We are committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. If you require special support or accommodation while seeking employment with NextEra Energy, please send an e-mail to AskHR@NEE.com, providing your name, telephone number and the best time for us to reach you. Alternatively, you may call 1-844-694-4748 (Option 1, Press 6) between 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. EST Monday- Friday. Please do not use this line to inquire about your application status. NextEra Energy will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. NextEra Energy does not accept any unsolicited resumes or referrals from any third-party recruiting firms or agencies. Please see our policy for more information. LI-NM1