The acoustic universe in which body worn cameras are immersed is teeming with life. Making sense of it all, with the goal of protecting that life, could be your job. Amidst the buzzing confusion of traffic, music, helicopters, and the occasional lawnmower, police officers and citizens converse. What is the tone and shape of their interaction? Does it get worse over time? Does it follow police department procedure. Though it's difficult and unsolved, the impact of our work is immense — unlike most ML research in industry, the success of your models directly impacts the status quo of transparency and accountability in law enforcement. In this role, You will design new models/techniques for understanding audio content. You will pair with our research engineers to iterate on ideas as well as scale them out to production once they are ready. You will continually read the state of the art of research and publish novel work yourself. You will see that generalizable parts of your work get open-sourced. Who you are: Ideal Scientist would have done original deep learning research pertaining to audio (natural language processing, sound source separation, video diarization, summarization, captioning, etc). Demonstrable research rigor via a PhD or a long publication track record in machine learning, natural language processing, signal processing, computer vision, robotics, or a similar field working with unstructured data You have an unimpeachable grasp of deep learning theory and are comfortable designing new models, not just modifying existing ones. You have a good understanding of the complete workflow from collecting and annotating the appropriate data for the task at hand to experimenting with and comparing different ML techniques to analyzing results. You're able to execute on your ideas and have competence in frameworks like Tensorflow/Keras/Torch/Caffe/Darknet. You care about getting to the “truth” of things and will dig deep to prove or disprove a hypothesis We're building a team that spans diversity of all kinds, which we is essential in our mission to bring officers and the communities they serve closer together. If this is something you care about, we would love to have you join us. Compensation and Benefits An awesome office/working environment with the latest technology Competitive salary and a comprehensive benefit package Fun team activities and outings Flexible working hours Options for training in the US Opportunities to ride along with local law enforcement We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.