The Division of Strategic Operations and Analytics (SOA), within the Office of Policy and Strategy, works to increase HPD?s impact by analyzing and improving operations agency-wide. As part of that work, SOA?s Business Intelligence & Data Innovation team advances HPD?s ability to leverage data to improve program operations and manage public and external data reporting. Working collaboratively across the agency, the team: ? Manages key agency datasets and related reporting on HPD?s affordable housing production? Responds to public/external data requests including legal, press, community organizations, and elected official requests? Leads development of the agency?s business intelligence (BI) platform, tools, and dashboards? Participates in technology development, working to integrate core data systems and datasets across the agency? Publishes and sets policy for expanding HPD open data? Provides advanced analytic support for SOA and broader agency initiatives SOA seeks a skilled professional to manage a portfolio of data analysis, research, and reporting initiatives. Reporting to the Director of Business Intelligence & Data Innovation, the Data Analysis Manager will: ? Manage a small team of analysts, providing direction, training, guidance, and quality assurance for their work? Work with the Director of Business Intelligence & Data Innovation, and agency executives, to understand, scope, and plan for the team?s reporting and analysis workloadSpecifically, the Data Analysis Manager will lead and manage a team that will: ? Conduct rigorous data cleaning, data preparation, and data analysis for internal and external reporting needs ? Develop expertise in key datasets and agency information systems ? Design queries and develop standard methodology to answer key research or policy questions ? Collaborate with and/or interview key agency stakeholders to inform and add context to data analysis work? Implement practices for safeguarding data privacy and confidentiality, working collaboratively with other staff to ensure best practices are instituted? Manage documentation, develop data dictionaries, or write guides for using key datasets and queries ? Collaborate with technology or program managers to access, structure, and interpret key agency datasets Minimum Qual Requirements A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college and two years of satisfactory, full-time experience related to the projects and policies to be studied in the particular position. Preferred Skills The ideal candidate will be an inquisitive self-starter and problem-solver with the following skills: ? Experience managing and developing analytic staff ? Fluency in Python and Pandas is strongly desired, but may be substituted with similar languages such as R, Stata, or SAS? Experience cleaning and analyzing large, complex datasets? Familiarity with relational databases and queries? Familiarity with spatial analysis or ArcGIS is a plus ? Knowledge of data privacy practices and/or experience working with confidential personal data? Experience with data analysis in a legal context or data discovery experience is a plus ? Interest in improving government operations and policies with dataPreferred Qualifications: ? A graduate degree in a relevant field is strongly preferred.? The strongest candidates will demonstrate interest in public policy, housing, or city government; however, these may be secondary to the candidate?s interest in applying his or her skills to the agency?s mission To Apply Apply online Work Location 100 Gold Street Residency Requirement New York City residency is generally required within 90 days of appointment. However, City Employees in certain titles who have worked for the City for 2 continuous years may also be eligible to reside in Nassau, Suffolk, Putnam, Westchester, Rockland, or Orange County. To determine if the residency requirement applies to you, please discuss with the agency representative at the time of interview.