Northwest Administrators, Inc. (NWA) is an industry leader in third-party administration of employee benefits. We administer one of the largest multi- employer pension plans in the country, along with numerous large health and welfare plans. As part of our team, you will benefit from many training and development opportunities and can expect a better-than-market benefits package. What you'll be doing… The Staff Assistant in our Health & Welfare (H&W;) Department is primarily focused on report generation and analysis of claims data and trends. This position receives direction from the Sr. Manager and reports directly to the Assistant Manager of the H&W; Audit Department. Prepare and distribute weekly, monthly and annual H&W; reports Assist in developing statistics for special reports Provide effective documentation on all reports and their associated procedures Review, manage and document Employer Payroll Audit requests for claim payment activity Analyze claim trends and report to senior management Collaborate and communicate with other departments and vendors Support supervisors and managers in responding to procedural and trends questions Provide support for special projects such as testing of claim parameter changes for existing H&W; clients Support the Appeals Department staff Who you are… Educated. Bachelor’s degree or equivalent related experience Experienced. Strong background in claims processing Communicator. Excellent written and verbal communication skills Analytical. Strong attention to detail with the ability to quickly assess and analyze problems and develop solutions Team Player. The ability to work independently with minimum supervision as well as being a productive and contributing member of a project team Organized. The ability to juggle and prioritize your workload and multi-task in a fast paced environment Technically Savvy. Proficient in Microsoft Office applications If hired, you can expect… Medical, Dental, Vision & Rx Paid Vacation & Sick Leave Holiday Bonus 401k with company contribution & match Work-life balance Northwest Administrators, Inc. is dedicated to diversity and is an equal opportunity employer.