Applies business process and analysis concepts and department / unit and location policies and procedures to resolve a variety of business process problems. Works on business process issues of limited to moderate scope where evaluation of processes, procedures and data requires analysis using a variety of factors. Under general supervision of the Application Manager, the Business Analyst will be responsible for intake, administration, support and reporting for UCSF IT’s cloud applications, including Box, CipherCloud, DocuSign and SmartSheet. The Business Analyst will be responsible for supporting daily user cloud application operations; serving as a tier 2-3 Service Desk resource; working with business owners and functional administrators to analyze processes and/or workflow designs to develop document management and filing plans and business process models; documenting, diagnosing, and resolving operational problems; using security and reporting procedures; performing cloud applications training. The Business Analyst participates in documenting process and workflow requirements, and then works with the Cloud Applications team to build solutions, which fulfill these requirements. Required Qualifications Two years relevant experience Bachelor's degree in related area and / or equivalent experience / training General knowledge of business and process analysis functions Demonstrated ability to work with others from diverse backgrounds Intermediate knowledge of related areas of IT Self-motivated and works independently and as part of a team; able to learn effectively and meet deadlines. Demonstrates problem-solving skills Demonstrated testing and test planning skills Skills associated with analysis of processes and issues of moderate scope, information flow and architecture Demonstrated effective communication and interpersonal skills; demonstrated ability to communicate technical information to technical and non-technical personnel at various levels in the organization The flexibility to orient and work at all UCSF Medical Center locations Preferred Qualifications ITIL Foundation certification Knowledge relating to software design Licensure/Certification N/A Living Pride Standards Service Excellence Demonstrates service excellence by following the Everyday PRIDE Guide with the UCSF Medical Center standards and expectations for communication and behavior. These standards and expectations convey specific behavior associated with the Medical Center’s values: Professionalism, Respect, Integrity, Diversity and Excellence, and provide guidance on how we communicate with patients, visitors, faculty, staff, and students, virtually everyone, every day and with every encounter. These standards include, but are not limited to: personal appearance, acknowledging and greeting all patients and families, introductions using AIDET, managing up, service recovery, managing delays and expectations, phone standards, electronic communication, team work, cultural sensitivity and competency. Uses effective communication skills with patients and staff; demonstrates proper telephone techniques and etiquette; acts as an escort to any patient or family member needing directions; shows sensitivity to differences of culture; demonstrates a positive and supportive manner in which patients / families/ colleagues perceive interactions as positive and supportive. Exhibits team work skills to positively acknowledge and recognize other colleagues, and uses personal experiences to model and teach Living PRIDE standards. Exhibits tact and professionalism in difficult situations according to PRIDE Values and Practices Demonstrates an understanding of and adheres to privacy, confidentiality, and security policies and procedures related to Protected Health Information (PHI) or other sensitive and personal information. Demonstrates an understanding of and adheres to safety and infection control policies and procedures. Assumes accountability for improving quality metrics associated with department/unit and meeting organizational/departmental targets. Work Environment Keeps working areas neat, orderly and clutter-free, including the hallways. Adheres to cleaning processes and puts things back where they belong. Removes and reports broken equipment and furniture. Picks up and disposes of any litter found throughout entire facility. Posts flyers and posters in designated areas only; does not post on walls, doors or windows. Knows where the Environment of Care Manual is kept in department; corrects or reports unsafe conditions to the appropriate departments. Protects the physical environment and equipment from damage and theft. The flexibility to orient and work at all UCSF Medical Center locations is required. Equal Employment Opportunity The University of California San Francisco is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran or disabled status, or genetic information. Further information about the University of California, San Francisco, is available at diversity.ucsf.edu. UCSF seeks candidates whose skills, and personal and professional experience, have prepared them to contribute to our commitment to diversity and excellence, and the communities we serve.