The Business Analyst will serve in a new position as the key support to the Administrative Director to help manage the department’s clinical operations, finance, strategy, research, and personnel management. They will be responsible for many aspects of department management including preparation of spreadsheets, charts, correspondence, and onboarding, preparing documents, following up on meeting-generated tasks, contract management, budget review, and clinical process improvement projects. Works autonomously, sets priorities and makes independent decisions of a complex nature. Serves as the key support for the Administrative Director of the Department of Orthopedics to ensure the department operates in an effective, efficient, and professional manner. Conducts complex data analysis to understand nature of department operations and identify opportunities for improvement. Oversees/coordinates specific and complex performance improvement related projects; provides leadership in project management; gathers deliverables from required constituents; tracks, analyzes, and makes recommendations or raises concerns on status reports, issue resolution, and program actual against project charter, budget, and/or plan.Provides administrative support to the Department of Orthopedics including following up on meeting-generated tas ks, preparing documents, spreadsheets and presentation slides. Independently composes high level correspondence and documents with professional quality. Edits and proofreads written materials and verifies the validity of data for documents and reports prior to submission/distribution. Prepares meeting agenda; prepares and distributes information packages required for meetings. Takes and prepares minutes of meetings. Ensures that minutes and other written documents are professional and accurate. Deals discreetly with highly sensitive, confidential written, electronic, and oral communications concerning staff, department, and hospital matters. Exercises discretion and independent judgment with respect to matters of significance to the department and the institution. Assists with monitoring budgets, analysis and account balances and helping managers to stay within approved budgets Provide support for M.Ds and/or senior management as necessary. Maximizes use of training resources to accelerate or advance one’s own productivity and Identifies additional opportunity for improvement. Develops and documents competencies as related to position. Team Building and Participation Adheres to department and hospital standards, including the following: Adapts to changes in the departmental needs including but not limited to: offering assistance to other team members, adjusting assignments, etc. Utilizes hospital’s behavioral standards as the basis for decision making and to support the department and the hospital’s mission and goals. Provide general clerical support including: filing, making appointments, photocopying, faxing, preparing and sending bulk mailings and express packages, coordinating conference calls, and maintaining contacts database. Promotes project team efforts and shares sense of purpose so that work is synchronized and concurrent, knowledge is shared, and seamless services are provided. Fosters an environment of camaraderie. Conforms to hospital standards of performance and conduct, including those pertaining to patient rights, so that the best possible customer service and patient care may be provided. Utilizes hospital's RESPECT values as the basis for decision-making and to facilitate the hospital mission. Follows established hospital infection control and safety procedures. Performs other duties as assigned or as necessary . Must adhere to all of the principals of RESPECT