This title is in a Civil Service competitive class that is subject to examination. The selected candidate must agree to take the Civil Service Examination for Education Officer when it is offered in December, or must be a permanent Education Officer. More information can be found on the DCAS website below: http://www.nyc.gov/html/dcas/html/work/exam_monthly.shtmloc Position Summary: The Division of Specialized Instruction and Student Support (DSISS) is seeking an experienced Reporting and Analytics Specialist to be part of the MIS/Analytics team. DSISS is engaged in a multi-year, system-wide reform of special education and is building the capacity to close the achievement gap and improve compliance with key special education indicators. The Reporting and Analytics Specialist will support this reform by developing policies and internal operational and management reports required to meet the complex reporting needs of the division and the DOE in regard to students with disabilities. The Reporting and Analytics Specialist will lead efforts in compiling and analyzing qualitative and quantitative data to support the development of business intelligence dashboards to support the DOE with the monitoring and management of the special education process. Performs related work. Reports to: Director of Data, Reporting and Analytics Direct Reports: Data Consultants, as needed Key Relationships: The Database/Reporting Manager will work closely with the senior leadership of the division’s Data Team and with key members of many other DOE offices, including the Division of Instructional and Information Technology (DIIT), Field Support Centers (FSCs), Office of Academics, Performance and Support (OAPS), the Office of School Support and Supervision (OSS&S), the Division of Teaching and Learning (DT&L), the Office of General Counsel (OGC), and the Office of Student Enrollment (OSE). Responsibilities Develop reports and business intelligence tools that will provide DOE managers at the central, field and school level the ability to effectively manage all aspects of the special education process including activities that support special education program improvement. Provide technical support to central and field teams in the utilization of key business intelligence applications. Lead the development of reports and analytics to support the growing operational reporting needs of the division and comply with: the reporting stipulations outlined in the Jose P class action suit; reporting requirements for the New York State Education Department on the usage and impact of the $250M federal IDEA funding for students with disabilities; FOIL requests that pertain to students with IEPs and required by federal law. Utilize sophisticated data analyses summarizing key special education activities and use these interpretations to identify and communicate actionable policy recommendations regarding the evaluation of the DOE special education reform. Coordinate and oversee the successful production of special education operational and management reports. Interface with users, sponsors and all other stakeholders in order to determine and plan for evolving data requirements. Identify research/data analysis priorities, determine task prioritization, and monitor completion of all data functions; determine appropriate analyses to answer targeted policy questions and direct appropriate staff to complete these analyses; support the evaluation of the special education reform. Create and enforce data priorities in support of short- and long-term goals. Design and run both ad hoc and regular reports to meet a variety of needs for the Deputy Chancellor of DSISS and other senior leaders in central DOE offices; act as expert in data analysis and interpretation. Design and develop advanced statistical models, predictive models as well as perform quantitative analysis to inform on outcomes supporting the provisioning of programs and services to students with disabilities. Perform project and product management for the above. Qualification Requirements: Minimum A master’s degree from an accredited college in education, guidance, educational administration and supervision, or a related field and at least two (2) years of full-time satisfactory professional experience in educational program administration, career or occupational program administration, or as a state certified or licensed teacher, one (1) year of which must have been in a supervisory/consultative capacity; or A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college and three (3) years of full-time satisfactory professional experience as described in “1” above; or A four-year high school diploma or its educational equivalent approved by a State's department of education or a recognized accrediting organization plus seven (7) years of full-time, satisfactory professional experience as described in “1” above; or A combination of education and/or experience which is equivalent to the requirements in "1," "2," and “3” above. However, all candidates must have at least an approved four-year high school diploma or its educational equivalent as well as the two (2) years of full-time satisfactory professional experience as described in “1” above. _Plus_ Experience in mathematical and statistical concepts to support sophisticated data analysis and management. Experience using programming and statistical analysis tools, e.g., SAS, R, Python. Experience using SQL to query data. Proficiency in Excel and Access. Experience using Microsoft Power Bi and/or Tableau Business Intelligence tools to develop meaningful and actionable solutions. Experience in generating and distributing ad hoc reports. Strong analytical skills with solid attention to detail. Comfortable navigating large quantities of data. Strong problem-solving and troubleshooting skills. Strong project management skills. Excellent oral and written communication skills. Ability to work independently. Ability to thrive in and enjoy working in a team-oriented, results-driven high-pressure environment. Ability to prioritize and handle multiple tasks and deadlines. Preferred Experience or working knowledge of the public sector and/or interest in public education. Knowledge of New York City Department of Education processes and systems. Familiarity with New York State special education laws, policies and practices. Internal candidates preferred. Salary: $90,548+ (Internal candidates who are selected for this position and who currently hold comparable or less senior positions within the DOE will not make less than their current salary.) Please include a resume and cover letter with your application. Applications will be accepted through August 24, 2018 until 3:00 p.m. NOTE: The filling of all positions is subject to budget availability and/or grant funding. AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER It is the policy of the Department of Education of the City of New York to provide educational and employment opportunities without regard to race, color, religion, creed, ethnicity, national origin, alienage, citizenship status, age, marital status, partnership status, disability, sexual orientation, gender (sex), military status, prior record of arrest or conviction (except as permitted by law), predisposing genetic characteristics, or status as a victim of domestic violence, sexual offenses and stalking, and to maintain an environment free of harassment on any of the above-noted grounds, including sexual harassment or retaliation. Inquiries regarding compliance with this equal opportunity policy may be directed to: Office of Equal Opportunity, 65 Court Street, Room 1102, Brooklyn, New York 11201, or visit the OEO website at http://schools.nyc.gov/OEO Required Skills Required Experience