Data Engineer Who we are lululemon is a yoga-inspired technical apparel company up to big things. The practice and philosophy of yoga informs our overall purpose to elevate the world through the power of practice. We are proud to be a growing global company with locations all around the world, from Vancouver to Shanghai, and places in between. We owe our success to our innovative product, our emphasis on our stores, our commitment to our people, and the incredible connections we get to make in every community we are in. About this team and this role The Data Engineer will be part of the engineering team building real time enterprise data streams ingesting data from multiple heterogeneous data sources and provisioning data as raw data streams and Canonical business events. Essentially provisioning data once at enterprise level for any enterprise level data related use cases. Deploying and maintaining stream processing technologies to provision data to real time Operational data stores, raw data stores, providing frameworks on how to transform raw data using big data technologies and helping data scientist in machine learning deliverables. Ingest data from heterogeneous data sources and publish them as enterprise business events. Responsible for building and consuming from API’s. Building Scalable Data Pipelines for generating training datasets for machine learning deliverables. Mentor Junior resources and drive end to end design, implementation and delivery of engineering components. Deploying, maintaining and building apps on distributed stream processing engines such as Storm, Flink, Nifi, Spark etc. Building data transformation layers, ETL frameworks using big data technologies such as Hive, Spark, Presto etc. Experience working with container management technologies such as Docker, Kubernetes. Building and maintaining solutions on highly available environments. Working knowledge of CI/CD. Working knowledge of building data integrity checks as part of delivery of applications. Build code that is performant as well as secure. Collaborate with cross-functional teams – business stakeholders, engineers, program management, project management, etc. - to produce the best solutions possible. Anticipate system/application challenges and proposes solutions for the same. Contribute to story sizing and work estimates for implementation, validation, delivery and documentation. Review user stories to ensure a quality user experience, well-defined acceptance criteria and thorough test coverage. Participate in design and code review to ensure quality and testability of feature code. Qualifications BS in Computer Science or Related 5+ years of data engineering experience Strong Java coding experience. Experience with DevOps, Real Time Analytics and Real Time Messaging. Experience working with Kafka, Pulsar, or Bookkeeper is required. Working experience of scripting, data science and analytics (SQL, Python, PowerShell, JavaScript, or R) 2+ Years of performance tuning and optimization, bottleneck problems analysis, and technical troubleshooting in a, sometimes, ambiguous environment. Desired Qualifications: MS Degree in Computer Science or related technical degree completed Experience with Real Time Analytics and Real Time Messaging. Should be a Java expert. Experience with open source technologies, Spring is preferred Working experience with Microservices is desirable Experience working with large volume data; retail experience strongly desired. DevOps experience and use of Docker, Chef, Puppet, Jenkins, Kubernetes, Istio or Ansible. Experience supporting Machine Learning, Recommendation Engines and or Search Personalization is preferred Acknowledges the presence of choice in every moment and takes personal responsibility for their life. Possesses an entrepreneurial spirit and continuously innovates to achieve great results. Communicates with honesty and kindness, and creates the space for others to do the same. Leads with courage, knowing the possibility of greatness is bigger than the fear of failure. Fosters connection by putting people first and building trusting relationships. Integrates fun and joy as a way of being and working, aka doesn’t take themselves too seriously. _NOTE: Only those applicants under consideration will be contacted. Please accept our utmost appreciation for your interest. lululemon is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. Employment decisions are based on merit and business needs, and not on race, color, creed, age, sex, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, religion, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, military service, pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions or any other classification protected by federal, state or provincial and local laws and ordinances. Reasonable accommodation is available for qualified individuals with disabilities, upon request. This Equal Employment Opportunity policy applies to all practices relating to recruitment and hiring, compensation, benefits, discipline, transfer, termination and all other terms and conditions of employment. While management is primarily responsible for seeing that lululemon equal employment opportunity policies are implemented, you share in the responsibility for assuring that, by your_ _personal actions, the policies are effective._ LI-MR1 Job : Information Technology Organization : Store Support Center Schedule : : Full-time Unposting Date : Ongoing