GM is advancing the sophisticationof vehicle infotainment systems at every level of functionality and design. Weare developing beautiful intuitive systems that augment driver awareness,enhance occupant safety, and elevate the traveler experience. The InfotainmentSenior Software Dev-QA Engineer will work as part of a global infotainment teamto develop various test strategies, test plan and test code/scripts to testinfotainment software. Candidate should be good at understanding requirements andtranslating them to test cases. Candidate should be able to strategize andimplement automated functional/integration test cases to ensure 100 percentcode coverage. Candidates are expected to have a good understanding of variousandroid testing frameworks like UIAutomator and Expresso along with operationalknowledge of various android debugging tools. Knowledge of scripting languageslike python is a must. Candidate should be willing to demonstrate and work oninnovating new artificial intelligence based testing techniques to improveproductivity. Responsibilities: Performall necessary testing activities within assigned software projects. Workwith the test lead, project management, and engineering teams to identify andresolve issues. Createand update test plan, ensuring test cases are traceable to requirements. Developand execute test scripts and test cases across multiple platforms and builds. Reportand log issues into a bug tracking system, including track files and necessarysteps to recreate. Workto ensure assigned testing tasks are completed on time. Ensurestatus and communication reports are detailed, comprehensive and accurate. Abilityto understand software requirements and software architectures. Displayexcellent customer service with customers. Invehicle testing. RequiredSkills: Minimum bachelor's degree in Computer Science, ElectricalEngineering, Software Engineering, or related degree. 3-6 years of experience testing software applications, specifically Infotainment. Understandingof automotive protocols like CAN/LIN/Broad R Reach Understandingof tools to capture and analyze automotive communication logs (VehicleSPY,PeakCAN etc) Previoustest experience with real-time or embedded applications. Knowledge of Android Understanding of programming languages: C/C++or Java Perlor Python Windowsand Unix shell scripts, Experiencewith Expresso/UI automator testing framework PreferredSkills: Advanceddegree Automotiveexperience Experience working on global teams