WE ARE A TRANSFORMATIONAL PARTNER We marry design and engineering language in ways that produce impactful and memorable experience journeys. We partner all the way to continuously improve our clients’ digital maturity. Our Studio network brings the optimal combination of skill, scale, and cost for each stage of the product development lifecycle. And to do this we need great transformational people that want to impact the projects and organizations that they work with. We are looking for an exceptional Technical Architect to work with our cross- functional team, and join our world-class community of talented experts. Core to this need are expertise in: Minimum eight (8) years experience in software development or a related field Minimum two (2) years in a technical leadership role Broad and extensive knowledge of the software development process and its technologies Experience with software development lifecycle (SDLC) processes Experience with DevOps practices Experience with Microservices architecture Knowledge of architectural styles and design patterns Understanding of various coding methods and computer languages Ideally you will also have: Master's degree in Computer Science, CIS, or related field. An Agile mindset with experience working in Agile environment Two (2) years of work experience in a role requiring interaction with senior leadership (e.g., Director level and above) Two (2) years of experience working with containerized applications (Docker) Three (3) years experience in web service development. Three (3) years of development experience using DevOps Three (3) years of development experience with Node JS Three (3) years of microservices architecture experience Four (4) years experience in systems analysis, including defining technical requirements and performing high level design for complex solutions. We are a thriving Community of top technology talent that is globally connected. We Engage, Make, Run and Evolve the technology that makes many brands that you know and love. So let’s take this journey together. No matter where you are on your digital career roadmap, we can help you grow and have fun doing it. “At this time, Softvision LLC will not sponsor a new applicant for employment authorization for this position. Pack and move relocation available. Softvision LLC is an Equal Opportunity Employer. No 3rd Party Agency Candidates please.”