Operations Become a part of our dynamic and expanding Engineering team at DataVox. We are looking for a Data Center Virtualization Engineer to strengthen our virtualization, storage and networking capabilities by providing implementation, design support and consulting of virtualization and data center practices. If you possess excellent customer service and communication skills, high energy level, have the ability to work well in a team environment and ready to utilize your expertise and creativity, then we want to meet with you. Established in 1988, DataVox offers businesses the convenience of working with a single advanced technology partner. DataVox designs, implements and supports all aspects of an organization’s Datacenter, network infrastructure, unified communications, audio visual, structured cabling and physical security systems. DataVox has over 250 employees and serves over 8000 customers. Our award-winning customer service team is here to support your organization 24 hours a day / 7 days a week. https://www.datavox.net/about-datavox/ Eight-Time Winner, Award of Excellence: Winner of Distinction, Houston Better Business Bureau Two-Time Recipient of Houston Better Business Bureau Pinnacle Award, the BBB’s highest honor. Headquartered in Houston, TX and an office in Fort Worth, TX with a state of the art technology showcase and customer demonstration suite. 13 Cisco CCIEs on staff, and many other Cisco, VMware, Microsoft certified staff. Position Summary: This is a full-time position for a Virtualization and Datacenter engineer who can work independently in Datacenter projects. This position involves planning, implementation, and support of Data center and storage implementations at large enterprise networks with the latest technologies. The Engineer will be working with multiple clients and will provide technical leadership and day-to-day technical support. This individual should have good product knowledge and experience in VMware, Hyper-V, P2V conversion, and storage and hyperconverged solutions of Cisco UCS, HP Synergy, Nimble and SimpliVity, Dell EMC, Isilon, and NetApp. Must have 3+ years of experience in implementing virtualization solutions in data center storage environment and very good communication and presentation skills. Education and Qualifications: Must have good experience/certifications with VMware, Hyper-V solutions. Good Experience in storage solutions such as Cisco UCS, HP Nimble, SimpliVity and Synergy, Dell Isilon and EMC, or similar solutions. At least 3 years' experience in designing and implementing virtualization and storage solutions. VCP certifications are required. Microsoft MCITP/MCTS Certifications a preferred plus. B.S. Degree in engineering, science, mathematics, or computer science. Responsibilities: Understand the customer’s virtualization and storage requirements and design the optimum solutions to meet the customer’s business needs. Take the lead role in implementing VMware and Hyper-V virtualization solutions with Nimble, Simplivity, Synergy, Cisco UCS or EMC environments. Conduct disaster recovery, performance testing or failover testing. Convert customer’s physical servers to VMware or Microsoft virtual environments and optimize the solutions to meet industry’s best standards. Understand and implement storage networking with iSCI, FCOE, and FCA technologies. Provide assistance to the enterprise sales team as a virtualization and storage consulting engineer with testing and proof-of-concept assistance. Maintain and update necessary technical certification requirements. Skills and Specifications: Proven success of designing and implementing VMware and Hyper-V virtualization technologies. Strong understanding of storage protocols and various operating systems. Ability to manage multi-tasking virtualization projects and prioritize the tasks in an efficient manner to meet and exceed customer goals. Be a good team player with a high degree of self-motivation and the ability to manage additional technical resources to meet the project requirements. Strong aptitude for learning new technologies and understanding how to utilize them in a customer’s environment. Good interpersonal communication and customer service skills, excellent written and verbal communication skills. Creative approach to problem solving. Benefits: Vacation/Sick and Paid Holidays 401(k) Medical/Dental/Vision Company vehicle Company Laptop/iPhone