Résumé du poste Samsung Austin Semiconductor (SAS) is one of the most advanced semiconductor manufacturing facilities in the United States. Owned by Samsung Electronics Corporation Ltd., SAS is the only semiconductor manufacturing plant located outside of Korea. SAS manufactures logic components for digital services, personal computers, mobile phones, workstations and servers. Since 1997, SAS has been at the forefront of manufacturing technology, enabling the world's digital devices to operate at the highest performance. The Analysis Engineering team is focused on delivering quality analyses to enhance Large Scale Integration mass production and fast yield ramp-up as a Foundry site. As part of the Analysis Engineering team, you will provide support by problem solving and benchmarking analyses, as well as methods development. SAS is focused on being the World’s Best Foundry product supplier. Rôle et Responsabilités The primary function of this position is to apply surface analysis expertise, particularly SIMS, to provide timely support to critical semiconductor wafer measurement, characterization and failure investigation. Tasks to include analyzing samples and data, developing analysis methodology, processing data and reporting results to customers. Capable of performing instrument maintenance. Flexibility in work schedule is required. Individual contributor with strong technical and hands-on knowledge of SIMS. Responsible for daily SIMS operation, analysis data acquisition and provide timely, high quality analytical reports. Apply SIMS analysis results for fab tool qualifications, investigating manufacturing issues and device failures. Able to identify opportunities and lead projects to address analytical work improvement in terms of quality, TAT, and cost. Capable of conducting scientific research on novel semiconductor issues, and documenting findings in internal and external publications. Shift: 1st-Tuesday through Saturday 8am-5pm. Compétences et Qualifications BS in Materials Science, Physics, Chemistry or closely related discipline with SIMS experience is required. Preferred MSc or PhD with both TOF-SIMS and Dynamic SIMS experience. Expertise in semiconductor processes, device physics, and lab experience using secondary ion mass spectrometry. The candidate will be required to interact with process engineering groups for data interpretation and report presentation. Experience and background in a group of advanced characterization instrumentation such as MS-SIMS, TOF-SIMS, AES, AFM, XPS and XRD. Strong project management, written and verbal communication skills. Team work with good communication and interpersonal skills. Ability to manage multiple customers and projects simultaneously. Excellent problem solving ability. Proven analysis experiences by recent publications. Please visit Samsung membership to see Privacy Policy, which defaults according to your location. You can change Country/Language at the bottom of the page. General : http://account.samsung.com/membership/pp European Economic Area resident : https://careers.eu.samsung.com/PrivacyNoticeforEU.html