Are you looking for an exciting career as a Systems Administrator at one of the top Aerospace and Defense companies? A fulfilling position that challenges your mind, grows your skills, and contributes to our Nation’s most critical missions is waiting for you! At Lockheed Martin Space, we advance the frontiers of science, help militaries protect what matters most, and solve problems that others think are impossible. We have challenging missions that will inspire and innovate! The Advanced Extremely High Frequency (AEHF) system provides vastly improved global, survivable, protected communications capabilities for strategic command and tactical warfighters operating on ground, sea and air platforms. You will work as a technical resource to design, develop, install, configure, debug/test, and maintain classified AEHF data processing computer systems and utilities for the command and control ground segment. You will work with COTS products in developing a next generation virtualization environment. You should be capable to lead the analysis of internal or external customers' needs, and determine equipment and software requirements for solutions to problems. You should be capable to develop customized solutions to resolve problems; establish/modify system configuration settings as specified; coordinate updates with the AEHF computer system user community; and verify hardware/software compatibility. You should have knowledge in Information Assurance and have experience in using security tools (e.g., Security Content Automation Protocol (SCAP) to scan computer resources, analyze resulting scan data and adjudicate findings identified with the applicable security standards). This position is located in our King of Prussia, PA facility which has numerous amenities such as a fitness center and cafeteria! One of the largest malls in the country is near this facility and the City of Philadelphia, New York City, and the Washington Metro Area is within drivable distance. Employees enjoy great benefits such as health, vision, dental, 401K, paid time off, and flexible work schedules. Come join us at Lockheed Martin! Applicants selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Desired Skills: Unix Red Hat Linux / Oracle Solaris x86 experience Solaris Operating System installation and maintenance Knowledge and experience with system administration Windows 10, Windows Server/Active Directory, and/or Solaris Experience configuring and maintaining Active Directory domains Experience hardening Windows Server 2008 R2 and Windows Server 2016 Experience in performing system backups in a server environment Prior experience working with the DISA Security Technical Implementation Guide (STIG) Experience reading and applying Solaris STIG controls Experience applying hardening to the system to improve the overall security posture. Experience with or knowledge of the Risk Management Framework (RMF) Basic scripting (experience with Bash and/or Powershell) COTS upgrade and integration experience Security+ certification BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: Windows Operating System installation and maintenance Familiarity with virtualization technologies (VMware, Hyper-V) Experience with storage technologies such as NAS and SAN (Oracle ZFS Appliance Management & Maintenance) Manage operating system upgrades and patching (Solaris/Windows) Experience configuring and maintaining DNS (Solaris and/or Windows) Must have excellent Oral and Written communication skills Ability to obtain and maintain a DoD Security clearance Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories. Join us at Lockheed Martin, where we’re engineering a better tomorrow.