What you will do NFE is searching for an Analyst to join its New York City-based Global Business Intelligence team. As a member of the Global Business Intelligence team, the Analyst will contribute to NFE’s ongoing initiatives to understand and assess opportunities for growth, prioritize targets and develop strategies for market entry and expansion around the world. In this role, the Analyst will conduct research to identify and quantify the addressable market in select countries and regions that present actionable opportunities for NFE, to include Latin America and Africa. The GBI team will maintain up-to-date information on market segments of utility-scale power, industrials, manufacturing, and transportation, with the goal of identifying expansion targets and developing strategies for market entry. GBI team’s primary responsibility is to be the best in the industry at understanding markets and market access, to include large-scale energy infrastructure solutions as well as industrial or distributed LNG solutions. The role requires candidates to be multi-faceted, with proven skills in market research, writing, presentation, and relationship management. The ideal candidate to join our team will have international experience and fluency in at least one additional language (e.g. Spanish, French, Portuguese). We are seeking candidates who are high energy, results-oriented, and tenacious. The role offers career development and growth opportunities for exceptional performance. This position is based in New York City and will require significant international travel. What success looks like Conduct research using innovative data-gathering strategies as member of the GBI team Assist in database development Author market analysis reports and presentations that inform strategic decision-making Accurately assess market landscape and attractiveness Identify actionable opportunities in target markets and contribute to the development of market entry strategies Build strong relationships with key constituents in target markets (government and private sector) Coordinate and communicate effectively with others across the organization Work effectively with the commercial, technical and development teams Support investor relations initiatives What you bring 3+ years working in energy, business development, finance, international development, or related field Ability to work strategically and collaboratively across departments and within a growing organization Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Ability to work effectively independently as well as member of a growing team Ability to analyze and compile large swaths of data and develop reports & presentations for internal and external audiences Positive attitude Entrepreneurial mindset with a strong aptitude for critical thinking Previous experience in energy industry or related fields is a plus Advanced Microsoft Office skills (Excel, PowerPoint) Fluency in an additional language preferred (e.g. Spanish, French, Portuguese)