Senior Artificial Intelligence Researcher Job Number: 339200 Category: Faculty and Physicians Location: 5323 Harry Hines Blvd, Dallas, TX Department: 239202 - Mdcl Physcs & Engnrng Full/Part Time/PRN: Day Job Regular/Temporary: Regular Schedule: Full-time The Department of Radiation Oncology at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center is seeking an Artificial Intelligence researcher to fill an academic faculty position within the Division of Medical Physics and Engineering. Appointment rank will be commensurate with academic accomplishments and experience. The successful candidate will contribute to the research mission on behalf of the Department. Applicants must have a Ph.D. degree in computer science, medical imaging or a related field, a minimum of 3 years in an academic appointment. Excellent track record of research in the fields of medical imaging and artificial intelligence is required. The ideal candidate should have strong technical and communication skills along with commitment to technical and translational research. The individual sought will participate in the teaching of graduate students, postdoctoral fellows as well as residents in medical physics and radiation oncology. Personal attributes such as initiative, problem-solving and teamwork are highly valued. Appointment rank will be commensurate with academic accomplishments and experience. Employer and Environment UT Southwestern is a leading institution conducting academic biomedical research. With 4 Nobel Laureates and 22 members of the National Academy of Sciences currently on faculty, UT Southwestern is among the top biomedical research institutions in the nation and ranks the No. 1 academic medical center in the world for publishing high-quality scientific research, according to Nature Index. The Department of Radiation Oncology is a leader in the development and clinical implementation of innovative treatment strategies. The department currently has a total of 19 M.D. physicians and 13 medical residents. The Division of Medical Physics and Engineering currently has 26 faculty-level physicists, 12 medical physics residents, 11 full time dosimetrists, 3 research/service engineers, 5 scientific programmers, 6 IT personnel, and many postdoctoral researchers and graduate students, all on one campus. We currently provide patient care to over 200 patients per day, many treated with state-of-the-art machines and techniques. The clinical practice is currently in three buildings on the same campus. Our equipment includes 10 Varian and Elekta Linacs, one Elekta Icon Gamma Knife, one Accuray M6 Cyberknife, one Varian Varisource iX HDR system, one superficial unit, 2 Philips large-bore 4-D CT simulators, one BrainLAB Mobius mobile CT scanner, and Varian Eclipse and BrainLAB Elements planning systems. A shielded OR is equipped with an additional Varian Varisource iX afterloader to perform intra- operative HDR procedures. We also perform a spectrum of cranial and pelvic LDR and nuclear medicine procedures. A dedicated breast SBRT device, GammaPod, is being commissioned. We are developing an expansion of the radiotherapy center that will have an additional 7 Linac vaults plus an MRI simulator and a PET/CT scanner. The department is also actively pursuing a heavy ion therapy facility and has entered the detailed design phase. _UT Southwestern Medical Center is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. Women, minorities, veterans and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply._