Empower the business - Support the business to unearth data, transform data, access data, and understand data. Create high quality software - Use agile techniques to build software and platforms; for example recommendation engines, analytics engines, advertising engines. Command data - Leverage petabytes of data, data mining, statistics, machine learning, deep learning, open source, orchestration tools, NoSQL, Apache Spark, and Apache Kafka. Collaborate - Work with developers, analysts, data scientists, programmers, marketers, filmmakers, finance, project management, product management and leaders to deliver amazing results XP - 5+ years of programming experience and 3+ years of data pipeline experience. Speak the language - Be willing to create prose with at least two of Java, Kotlin, Scala, SQL, and Python. Know which to use for the time & purpose. < 3 data - Hypothesize, discover, collect, iterate and prove. Achievement Unlocked: Inquisitive, Determined, Scholar - Be up for the challenge. algorithm and datastructures fanatic – Know distributed, parallel and probabilistic algorithms and data structures. Build > buy - Know the power of seeking out and putting together the right open source into a highly flexible and cohesive system instead of purchasing a solution that delivers a portion of the need, stops you from delivering the rest and ties you to your pricey investment Substantial equivalent research oriented analytical work experience preferred B.S. in Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering or a Physical Science from an accredited institution. The Walt Disney Studios is comprised of large team of creative professionals who produce and acquire live-action and animated motion pictures, direct-to- video content, musical recordings and live stage plays that tell memorable, life changing stories. Few media and entertainment companies can rival the brands we have the honor of bringing to the world. As part of the Studio’s Technology team you’ll be joining a group of seasoned, dedicated technologists solving a range of interesting problems in innovative ways in an exciting and dynamic industry. We’d like you to join the Data Services and make the magic happen through a different kind of story. Come innovate using data and technology to let our filmmakers, producers and countless others deliver. 578588