Mission Leave and Accommodation Sr. Manager (HR) Who We Are Founded and continuously led by inventor and entrepreneur Tony Aquila, Solera is a global leader in digital technologies that connect and secure life's most important assets: our cars, homes and identities. Since its inception in 2005 as a garage-based startup, Solera has grown aggressively with over 50 acquisitions across its platforms. The company's current product solutions include Audatex, Autodata, AutoPoint, CAP/HPI, Colimbra, Digidentity, Enservio, Explore Data, Hollander, Identifix, Inpart, LYNX and TitleTec, as well as the company's flagship Digital Garage application. Today, Solera processes over 300 million transactions annually for approximately 235,000 partners and customers in over 80 countries. Unified by a strong culture that values uncommon entrepreneurial thinking and continuous "do-it-different" innovation, Solera's global workforce of 6,700+ associates come from diverse forward-thinking industries that include automotive technology, artificial intelligence, software development, data sciences, cybersecurity, cognitive design, and digital identity protection. For more information, please visit solera.com. The Solera Way Solera’s uncommon culture is based on three simple principles: Think 80/20 (Focus), Act 30/30 (Efficiency), and Live 90/10 (Accountability). We define our mindset using Our 3H’s: Humility, a Hunger to succeed, and a desire to Hunt for opportunities to win. We train our volunteers to engage with each other modulating between their intellect (IQ) and emotional intelligence (EQ) using our 3Fs: Facts, Finesse, and Force. Solera has become a global technology leader that is constantly growing in the double digits. The principles, drills, and values associated with the Solera Way have been fundamental to Solera’s success and our ability to grow, continuously change, and innovate. Are You Uncommon? We’re on the hunt for an experienced Leave and Accommodation Sr. Manager (HR) who ranks in the top quartile among their peers. Someone who has a highly competitive and entrepreneurial mindset that is wired with a team-first attitude, has no problem rolling up their sleeves to execute their missions, and can modulate between leading and following as needed. You will serve as the Leave and Accommodation Sr. Manager (HR). Reporting to the Human Resources Shared Services Leader, the L&A will be responsible for the administration of the Company’s leave of absence programs across the North America Region. These programs include FMLA, Medical Leave, Military Leave, Accommodations under ADA and Workers’ Compensation. The incumbent will be working with clients in the field and with our third party vendor to administer such leaves. The selected candidate will also coordinate a consistent and comprehensive approach to managing leaves of absence for the region. Position 80s What You’ll Be Doing At Solera, we believe in providing clarity and focus to what our volunteers are responsible for – their mission. The 80’s, as we call them at Solera, are the employee’s priorities associated with their role or mission. The mission 80’s for this role, are: Administer leave programs and policies in accordance with applicable federal and state laws (FMLA, ADA, USERRA, etc.); Ensure that the workers’ compensation program is managed in accordance with applicable OSHA and workers’ compensation laws; Oversees all aspects of leave and workers' compensation programs and vendors, including case management and administrative processes of the cases and claims; Additional responsibilities of the role include: Collaborates with workers' compensation claims adjuster, medical professionals, employee relations and legal counsel in the handling of return-to-work or restricted duty issues; Maintain continuous contact with employees on leave and coordinates all aspects of restrictions for work, Fitness for Duty certifications, and Return to Work guidance; Partners closely with HR business partners on all leave cases, accommodations and workers' compensation claims; Provide accurate information to employees such as proper PTO/SICK/VACATION application in relation to coordinating State Disability Insurance or Paid Family Leave benefits on absences such as deductions from pay, medical certification requirements, return-to-work dates, and fitness-for-duty requirements; Presents educational sessions and attends meetings as requested to address leave questions and issues; Partner with the payroll department to process and coordinate all employee leaves of absence; Make recommendations for the optimal approach to initiating and conducting the ADA interactive process in each leave case handled, and if treating physician's recommended ADA accommodation(s) are acceptable or if an alternate accommodation(s) can be determined; May work with employee relations in developing return to work strategies or accommodations under the ADA or ADAAA, when necessary; Performs regular audits and identifies trends related to leaves of absence; Provides reports and data on leave of absence usage as requested; Must be flexible to work extended/flexible hours, including weekends, holidays, evenings, etc., as necessary; and, All other related and/or additional responsibilities that may be required or assigned. Qualifications Are You Qualified? Bachelor’s degree in Human Resources or related field required; Ability to handle highly sensitive information in a confidential manner; Minimum 3 years of experience in managing leave cases (FMLA, ADA, USERRA, etc.) required; Minimum 6 years of experience in Human Resources; Working knowledge of federal and state regulations, including the Family Medical Leave Act, ADA, USERRA, etc., required; Ability to work independently and be a self-starter; Proficient at an advanced level with MS Word, Excel, Outlook and Power Point; Maintains a visible presence that encourages and supports employee communications; Excellent communication skills— can communicate clearly and effectively, verbally, in writing, and by electronic communications with both internal and external clients; Exceptional interpersonal skills with the ability to develop strong working relationships with persons at all levels within an organization; Thrive in a fast-paced work environment, maintains a positive frame of mind and sets an example of professionalism for other employees; Ability to sit for multiple hours at a time and to work multiple hours a day at a computer keyboard; and, Ability to remain alert and focused during the work day. It is impossible to list every requirement for, or responsibility of, any position. Similarly, we cannot identify all the skills a position may require since job responsibilities and the Company’s needs may change over time. Therefore, the above job description is not comprehensive or exhaustive. The Company reserves the right to adjust, add to or eliminate any aspect of the above description. The Company also retains the right to require all employees to undertake additional or different job responsibilities when necessary to meet business needs. Our Space We believe that offices should be destinations where people want to be… places where people want to work, play and, collaborate. That is why we spend a lot of time on enhancing our workspaces. Solera’s work environments are intersections of the old and the new… of the past, present, and future. They are spaces designed to stimulate creative thinking, innovation, and cross- functional collaboration. We also embrace wellness. Whether it is our onsite or offsite workout centers, nutritional meals and beverages, or endless snacks for focus and energy. This wellness plan is our commitment to healthy living, which spans across our office environments.