Storage & Data Protection Engineer Prepare to be empowered. At TSP, we want to take all the stuff you already have and make it even better. Why? Because our customers can only stay awesome if you’re awesome. Maintenance, Managed, Project, and Consulting services are the foundation of our business. We pride ourselves on the wide range of personalized solutions we create for our clients, and we want YOU. TSP is currently seeking to add a full-time Storage & Data Protection Engineer to our award-winning team in Richardson, TX. To be a rock star in this role, knock these responsibilities out of the park: Provide level 3 support of a global base of enterprise Veritas Netbackup systems Provide level 3 support of a global install base of SAN and NAS systems (health monitoring, troubleshooting, performance tuning) Provide lifecycle management and capacity planning for enterprise storage and data protection environment. Document processes and best practices in order to leverage L1/L2 support teams Automate repetitive and manual tasks Provide input to help mature internal processes for capacity planning, change management, performance tuning, incident handling, etc. Multi-task and prioritize many projects and activities Learn and ramp up rapidly to become a solid team contributor within 3-6 months Excellent multi-tasking and prioritization skills Attention to detail and quality oriented Think you can handle it? You’ll also need to come equipped with experience like: 5+ years of experience managing Veritas Netbackup systems in a global enterprise environment Experience with Veritas Netbackup with tape library integration. Understanding of NFS, CIFS and FC protocols Linux and Windows administration experience Perl, Linux shell, and Microsoft Powershell scripting abilities Familiar with Netapp NAS, HDS SAN and NAS (G-series, HUSVM, HUS, HNAS 3090) Excellent problem management skills Ability to work group and individual projects and meet deliverable goals Strong interpersonal skills: global team player Strong written and verbal communications skills Ability to network with peers to provide innovative solutions to customers Must be willing and available to be occasionally on-call Experience completing Multiple infrastructure projects from beginning to end Must possess a sense of urgency to keep pace with the demands of critical environments. We are so excited that you want to join TSP! We pledge to take care of you. Here are some cool reasons why you’ll love working with us: We really like you! One part of our vision is to be a company that retains and nurtures its strong beliefs and culture as it grows by honoring our employees. <\- That’s you! We care about your well-being! We provide benefits that keep you protected and in top shape like: medical, dental, vision, and life insurance, 401(k), paid time off (PTO), and an array of other perks that are pretty hard to find. We are social and we win! Check out TSP on social (@TSProckstars and TSProckstars) and grow with us. We represent some huge clients including Fortune 500 companies throughout the United States and Canada. We have won several excellence awards because we do what we do and do it well. We’d love to have you on the team.