Los Gatos, California Data Engineering and Infrastructure Netflix is the world's leading internet streaming service with over 125 million members in 190 countries. Netflix has released over 600 Originals and plans to spend over $7B on content in 2018. At the heart of all our initiatives lies data. Operating in a financially complex space, Netflix derives a significant competitive advantage from the highly analytical approach we take to managing the company. We are looking for a data engineering leader who can partner with analytics, finance managers, & engineering to support data driven decision making at Netflix. Your team of data engineers will directly interact with platform teams, engineering teams, finance teams and analytic teams to identify opportunities to manage data. Whether your team builds solutions to curate complex data feeds or build solutions to optimize financial processes at Netflix, you will have the opportunity to lead and grow a team of world class engineers. Using your technical skills, business acumen and creativity, you will lead the Fintech data strategy for several areas of our business, corporate finance to content accounting, partnering closely with finance leaders and engineering leaders to streamline financial reporting.. What will fill your days Recruiting: You are constantly on the lookout for talent and have a knack for recognizing and attracting top-tier engineers to your team. You understand the importance of building an amazing team and the value it brings to the overall company. Feedback & Development: You see people’s strengths/weaknesses and are both gifted and courageous in talking with them about it. Visionary: You intuitively understand business and technology and you leverage that to guide a team providing relevant context and inspiration. Partnership: You establish strong relationships with both business and technical leaders across Netflix. Character & Qualities that will help you Succeed You’re willing to risk rejection. When you fail, you learn and are willing to try again. You’re not afraid of hard conversations and sharing your perspective. You’re a natural leader but your team & colleagues see your humility. You’re a creative revolutionary, forward thinking, & pro-active. You possess a solid sense of business acumen. You listen and communicate well. You’re allergic to micromanagement. You prefer to give context, delegate, and watch amazing people exceed your hopes and expectations. Technology You have used big data technologies (i.e. Spark/MapReduce/Hadoop/Pig, etc…) at one point in your career and built large scale data pipelines You should have an unmistakable passion for elegant and intuitive dataset design. You have used SQL and reporting tools at one point in your career and are analytically savvy. Broad knowledge of and experience with accounting and financial operations is a big plus