Mission Account Executive - Inside Sales Who We Are Founded and continuously led by inventor and entrepreneur Tony Aquila, Solera is a global leader in digital technologies that connect and secure life's most important assets: our cars, homes and identities. Since its inception in 2005 as a garage-based startup, Solera has grown aggressively with over 50 acquisitions across its platforms The company's current product solutions include Audatex, Autodata, AutoPoint, CAP/HPI, Colimbra, Digidentity, Enservio, Explore Data, Hollander, Identifix, Inpart, LYNX and TitleTec, as well as the company's flagship Digital Garage application. Today, Solera processes over 300 million transactions annually for approximately 235,000 partners and customers in over 80 countries. Unified by a strong culture that values uncommon entrepreneurial thinking and continuous "do-it-different" innovation, Solera's global workforce of 6,700+ associates come from diverse forward-thinking industries that include automotive technology, artificial intelligence, software development, data sciences, cybersecurity, cognitive design, and digital identity protection. For more information, please visit solera.com. The Solera Way Solera’s uncommon culture is based on three simple principles: Think 80/20 (Focus), Act 30/30 (Efficiency), and Live 90/10 (Accountability). We define our mindset using Our 3H’s: Humility, a Hunger to succeed, and a desire to Hunt for opportunities to win. We train our volunteers to engage with each other modulating between their intellect (IQ) and emotional intelligence (EQ) using our 3Fs: Facts, Finesse, and Force. Solera has become a global technology leader that is constantly growing in the double digits. The principles, drills, and values associated with the Solera Way have been fundamental to Solera’s success and our ability to grow, continuously change, and innovate. Are You Uncommon? We’re on the hunt for an experienced Account Executive who ranks in the top quartile among their peers. Someone who has a highly competitive and entrepreneurial mindset that is wired with a team-first attitude, has no problem rolling up their sleeves to execute their missions, and can modulate between leading and following as needed. Position 80s What You’ll Be Doing At Solera, we believe in providing clarity and focus to what our employees are responsible for – their mission. The 80’s, as we call them at Solera, are the employee’s priorities associated with their role or mission. The mission 80’s for this role, are: In partnership with team achieve sales objectives by maintaining and growing existing client business through regular proactive consultative sales contact. Responsible for full sales cycle including prospect, question/develop, propose, negotiate and close. Increase revenue in mechanical vertical through new client acquisitions, with primary sales focus on competitive takeaways. Generate leads and develop relationships to maintain sales pipeline of opportunities within territory focused on small to medium sized (SMB) clients. Develop and maintain strong knowledge of Identifix product features, benefits, intended use, value proposition, and competitive position. Develop and maintain knowledge of automotive software industry including trends and potential impact on clients. Apply product and industry knowledge to drive sales and serve customer needs. Additional responsibilities of the role include: Accurately complete order documentation and/or contracts for customer service. Consistent and complete documentation of sales activities for each activity in our CRM tool (Salesforce.com) Effectively manage email and voicemail to ensure prompt response to internal and external customers. Qualifications Are You Qualified? Bachelors’ degree preferred; equivalent work experience considered 0-3 years of successful commissioned software sales experience Demonstrated learning aptitude – ability to absorb and apply extensive industry and product knowledge to customers Experience in the automotive services industry strongly preferred; not required Excellent verbal and written communication skills Goal oriented, focused on achieving/exceeding expected results while exercising initiative Strong customer focus—dedicated to meeting the expectations and requirements of customers and acts with customer in mind Ability to manage multiple functions at the same time, while being able to deliver in a fast-paced environment with tight deadlines Knowledgeable of common Microsoft Office applications (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook) Prior experience with SalesForce.com desired Hunter Mentality Technically Proficient B2B Sales Experience Phones Sales Experience is a plus Our Space We believe that offices should be destinations where people want to be… places where people want to work, play and, collaborate. That is why we spend a lot of time on enhancing our workspaces. Solera’s work environments are intersections of the old and the new… of the past, present, and future. They are spaces designed to stimulate creative thinking, innovation, and cross- functional collaboration. We also embrace wellness. Whether it is our onsite or offsite workout centers, nutritional meals and beverages, or endless snacks for focus and energy. This wellness plan is our commitment to healthy living, which spans across our office environments.