Home Chef is building new ways to navigate the booming meal kit delivery industry. Our team is a unique mix of creators, chefs, entrepreneurs, and trailblazers and we’re growing quickly. Our customer-first mentality, combined with a zest for supporting our peers, helped us bring home Built in Chicago’s Startup of the Year Moxie award in 2017. If you’re ready to be part of the action, we’re ready to connect with you. There are no limits to where we can go together. The data team builds and maintains a centralized data platform for analytics, reporting, predictive modeling, and data exploration. We take in data from key sources across the company and share them with process owners and business stakeholders to help them make better, more data-driven decisions. We also spend our time working on value-add data projects for non-tech teams. As the Data team Product Manager, you’ll work directly with stakeholders, engineers, and analysts to develop a roadmap for our data platform. You will also help the data team achieve impactful insights and results. You’ll own the intersection of Technology, Business, and Process to create an environment that delivers quality to our customers consistently. Our team is highly collaborative and has a lean mentality to quickly build, measure, and learn. Responsibilities Prioritize and manage incoming requests as well as gathering requests Manage project timelines for Home Chef's various data-driven analytics teams Provide outward communications and advocacy at all levels of the org Establish and communicate cross department SLAs and expectations. Work within your team to identify and understand and communicate product trade offs Continuously be optimizing your team’s process to enable team flow Bonus Points For: You have experience with data modeling, advanced analytics, and building and using in-house and vendor data products to delivery business insights, efficiency and growth You have seen and are able to articulate the measurable benefit of Data Science and Data Engineering initiative. You know what the work of a data analyst looks like, and have a passion for making analysts’ lives simpler. Key Traits and Behaviors These key traits are tied directly to our core values, and encompass your role of consistently delivering value to our customers. Customer Value: Strong advocate for customer needs in product design. Deeply understands and communicates ideas that will serve our customer and business needs. Actively promotes customer based research and data points to drive product. Technical Proficiency: You are an effective generalist in knowledge of the Technology Stack and UX principles guiding your product. You understand technology trade offs in a way that can clearly be communicated to the team and stakeholders. You seek to understand the intersection of the technology, UX, and business needs in order to best serve your team and customer. Rigorous Prioritization: Takes the lead on prioritization with key stakeholders. Consistently frames the product in terms of impact return and effort required. Driven by data, rigorously prioritizes projects that create the most customer value first. Can clearly communicate product trade offs, scope, and timelines to stakeholders. Business Impact: Understands the vision and strategy of the company. Can gather business requirements and develop technology solutions targeted at solving them. Fluently adds clarity and structure to unstructured ideas in a way that enables your product to reach desired objectives and key results. Growth Mindset: Understands the self, team, and organization are all in constant growth, and actively participates in each of those levels. Consistently enables a culture of learning in the company. Culture: Contributes positively to the culture of Home Chef in their own way. Actively seeks out ways to improve inclusiveness for all team members. Is a shining example for all teams, internal and external, of a good team member. Team: Displays thought leadership within your team around process and context needed to reach objectives. Consistently drives team forward through thought leadership, product decision making, and process improvement. Perks and Benefits: \- Candidates can experience Home Chef as a customer - enter promo code PEOPLE30 for $30 off your first order! Direct access to senior management – our leadership team works alongside our team members every day Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision insurance Generous paid time off (PTO) policy 401k program Flexible spending accounts for qualified medical, dependent care, parking, or transit expenses Free water taxi, discounted gym membership, and daily bike storage for Wrigley building employees Cold brew coffee on tap at no charge Employee discounts for Home Chef meal kits Free lunch every Friday and snacks and beverages on hand every day Casual dress _Home Chef is an equal employment opportunity employer_