EOE Statement We are an equal employment opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law. Category Information Technology Description Description: Effective management of the Cyber Security (CS) program throughout the Organization is critical to ensuring compliance with cyber security policies and the maintenance of acceptable levels of cyber security risk. The IT Coordinator role is to maintain cognizance over the information technology (IT) and CS support activities. As an embedded resource, ITC is responsible to promote the learning, understanding, and knowledge of unique environments within each technical Organization. This deep understanding of a technical Organization's mission and capabilities enables the IT/CS support personnel to provide tailored solutions in the areas for which they maintain cognizance, while still ensuring that all efforts align with the Organization requirements and policies established by higher authority. ITC duties and responsibilities include, but are not limited to: a. Act as a single point of contact for the Organization leadership on all IT/CS concerns. b. Advocate on behalf of the assigned Organization when participating in Division policy and procedure development. c. Develop strategic planning initiatives within the Organization for the delivery of IT/CS solutions and contribute to the Division strategic planning initiatives. d. Manage, track, and ensure compliance with annual CS Awareness Training within the Organization. e. Determine requirements for, and review, IT security exception requests. f. Maintain access to SIPRNET resources and check regularly for CTOs and CS Program announcements. g. Respond for the Organization to data calls associated with IT/CS program elements and/or the CSWF. h. Ensure audit readiness and execute activities necessary to prepare for Organization inspections of the IT/CS program. i. Coordinate with the Organization Information Assurance Officer (lAO) and NMCI Seat Rep to prepare and deliver status reports to the Department Heads, ISSM, and ACIO. Educational/Experience Requirements: Minimum of IAT Level II Certification (Microsoft Server and CompTia Sec + certifications) A minimum of 3 years' experience required. Must be a US citizen with the ability to obtain a Security Clearance. EHS Technologies Corporation is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. Position Requirements Full-Time/Part-Time Full-Time Position Information Technology Coordinator Exempt/Non-Exempt Non-Exempt Location EHS Philadelphia Navy Yard Office About the Organization About the Organization WILL PRESENT HERE