Job Summary: The Business Systems Analyst is responsible for assisting in the identification of business needs and solving problems by supporting the implementation of IT solutions that reflect the necessary functionality to address business goals and objectives. Duties and Responsibilities: Partners with the Business Application Owners (BAOs) and IT staff to identify, specify, develop, and implement technology solutions and applications that address specific business requirements. May support or participate in the following Business Systems Analysis activities under close supervision and instruction. Works with the Business Application Owners (BAOs) to create detailed requirements related to system issues and change requests: Business Analysis Planning and Monitoring: Approach planning Stakeholder Analysis Activity planning Communication standards Requirements management process and performance Requirements Elicitation activities: Elicitation preparation Elicitation activities Document elicitation results Confirm elicitation results Requirements Management and Communication: Manage solution scope and requirements (approvals, changes, conflicts) Requirements traceability Requirements package Requirements communication Enterprise Analysis: Assess capability gaps Determine solution approach Define solution scope Requirements Analysis: Prioritize requirements Organize requirements Specify and model requirements Define assumptions and constraints Verify requirements Validate requirements Solution Assessment and Validation: Assess Proposed Solution Allocate Requirements Define Transition Requirements Validate Solution Evaluate Solution Performance Expectations for results is that work will require initially significant feedback to complete straightforward requirements. As experience continues to build, this should reduce to moderate guidance to complete straightforward requirements. Work scope will be limited to smaller requirements or a small part of a larger project. There will be a limited ability to resolve complex issues, difficulty determining priority of issues, and minimal capability to see alternative courses of action due to the lack of experience. Will maintain responsibility for facilitating partnerships with both Systems & Development and Quality Assurance to ensure that customer requirements are translated to design specifications and address any ambiguities in functional requirements to support appropriate testing efforts. May support in the preparation of Cost Benefit Analysis to assist management in decision-making process regarding system changes. Supports a team oriented working environment that promotes open discussion on important issues, a high level of personal commitment and accountability to the business, and a continued focus on quality and customer service. All other duties as assigned. Education, Qualifications and Experience: Understanding of the _BABOK© Guide_ (Business Analysis Body of Knowledge) and it’s applicability to the position. Some working experience or practice with Business Systems Analysis as a Subject Matter Expert (SME) or Business Application Owner (BAO) or similar work experience required. Degree or college diploma/certificate in business or information technology, or similar work experience required. Insurance experience in operational area preferred. Strong verbal, written, interpersonal and consultative communication skills. Analytical thinking and problem solving. Must be results-oriented, with attention to detail and committed to a high level of accuracy with ability to multi-task. Must possess strong organization skills and the flexibility to manage changing business priorities. Able to learn new skills and apply them in a thorough and thoughtful manner. Ethical and honest behavior with all customers. Able to work with various Microsoft Office programs such as Excel, Word, Access, Project Manager, Power Point, and Visio.