Turn 5 is one of the largest and fastest growing e-commerce retailers in the Greater Philadelphia area. Best known for our award-winning e-commerce platforms, AmericanMuscle.com, ExtremeTerrain.com and AmericanTrucks.com, we’ve been engaging car enthusiasts with exceptional products, services, and experiences since 2004. Our purpose, however, extends beyond selling car parts. We have a commitment to creating meaningful customer experiences at every step of their journey. Whether it’s supplying a unique product that customizes the look and feel of their ride, providing thousands of educational videos for the DIYer or leveraging user generated content to inspire even the most experienced owner, we are obsessed with ensuring we reach as many like-minded gearheads across the globe. To continue our growth path, we need a Database Administrator that will manage multiple database environments (some on premise, some in Azure) for our 24/7 ecommerce business. This is a diverse role that requires a blend of strong technical acumen along with the ability to identify, analyze, and resolve problems logically and systematically and report back to the business. You will be challenged to work both strategically and tactically in support of key initiatives and business goals. One minute you might be troubleshooting and resolving bottleneck issues, the next minute monitoring and optimizing system performance, and the next developing and deploying ETL scripts. Regardless of the task, it’s critical you have strong situational awareness and detail orientation as it relates to communication and documentation. RESPONSIBILITIES Year 1 is going to be about: Managing multiple MS SQL environments to resolve bottleneck issues, monitoring and optimizing system performance, maintaining all scheduled processes in SQL Server Agent, and ensuring there’s a robust Disaster Recovery strategy in place Applying updates to existing SQL Server environments and installing/configuring MS SQL Server on new servers/clusters as needed Developing and deploying ETL scripts by utilizing applications such as SSMS and SSIS, and ensuring their timely and successful execution based on assigned schedule Implementing, monitoring, and ensuring High Availability of SQL Server database with Failover Clusters, AlwaysOn, and Database Replication QUALIFICATIONS We can’t skip over some of the specific skills and experience we know are a “must” to be successful. So, we need you to have: BS in Computer Science or related field Minimum 4 years of experience with Database Administration for MS SQL Server (versions 2012, 2014, 2016) in an enterprise setting Proficient use of advanced level T-SQL for developing storied procedures, triggers, tables, functions, indexes, etc. and performing tuning of SQL queries Possess strong foundational knowledge and understanding of Relational and Non-Relational databases and platforms (e.g. Document, graph, Hadoop, Couchbase) and data visualization tools (eg. Tableau). Strong communication and documentation skills OPTIONS Apply for this job onlineApply Share Email this job to a friendRefer Share on your newsfeed