Job Title: System Administrator Reports To: IT MANAGER FLSA Status: Non-Exempt Customary Work Days: Monday - Friday Weekend and after hours availability will be required as issues arise. Customary Work Hours: Varies dependent upon workflow. Position Summary The System Administrator is responsible for implementation and support of the Company’s technology systems, including SAAS/ERP applications, networks, servers, software, computers, and related equipment. Duties & Responsibilities Perform daily operational and maintenance activities on the corporate network infrastructure including but not limited to servers, switches, firewalls, alerting and logging systems. Answer and resolve Helpdesk calls and technical requests in a timely matter ensuring client satisfaction. This is a requirement of all team members regardless of primary role. Document systems and internal procedures. Maintain inventory of all equipment, software and software licenses. Manage computer setup and deployment for new employees using standard hardware, images and software. Perform timely workstation hardware and software upgrades as required. Adhere to PCI Compliance controls for security, incident, problem and change management. Lead and/or execute technology related projects. Evaluate and recommend emerging network technologies that would benefit the company and its business efforts. Job Requirements Education and/or Experience: Required: Bachelor’s Degree in Information Systems, Business, Communications or related field or High School Diploma with Technical Training and/or Certifications 4 or more years of relevant technical experience Background in a retail industry preferred Qualifications: _To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions._ Strong analytical, administrative and problem-solving skills Ability to quickly learn or adapt to new technologies Commitment to providing exceptional customer service Strong attention to detail Demonstrated capability to interface and maintain effective relationships with co-workers and customers. Ability to follow directions. Must be flexible and able to wear many hats in the technology department Demonstrated experience and knowledge of one or more of the following: Active Directory Cisco/Meraki Microsoft Windows 7/10 Microsoft Windows Server 2003-2012R2 Mac OS X and iOS VoIP/SIP Phone System Google Apps Microsoft Office 365 Virtualization (Hyper-V/VMware) SAAS Applications Data Visualization/Business Intelligence Language Skills Ability to read, write and speak English proficiently. Physical Demands _The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions._ While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to see, talk and hear. The employee frequently is required to stand, walk, sit; use hands to handle or feel; reach with hands and arms; and stoop, kneel, or crouch. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to [50] pounds. At times, may require more than 40 hours per week to perform the essential duties of the position. Fine hand manipulation (keyboarding). Work Environment _The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions._ Office environment. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.