Google Technical Services: Professional Services (gPS) is a team of solution- oriented trusted advisors supporting millions of users worldwide. Our consultative services take our deep technical and product expertise and combine it with our powerful understanding of our customer’s needs and goals to solve their biggest business challenges allowing them to grow and get the most out of Google solutions. The Google Assistant Distribution team is looking for Solutions Consultants (SC) in Mountain View to engage with OEM and Service Provider partners to provide technical guidance. The SC will work with third party OEMs to build in the Assistant into their products across market segments such as Audio products, SmartHome devices, TVs, and others. This role will provide critical technical guidance to partners and shape the integration of the Assistant into partner products across categories. The SC will engage with partners to understand their goals and requirements, and identify suitable Google solutions and platforms. This role combines technical depth with partner engagement strengths to help land distribution opportunities for the Assistant. This is an opportunity to join a team on a highly visible / highly strategic project, shaping the future of the Assistant on third party devices. At Google, we set ourselves goals we know we can't reach yet. Our New Business Development team works on game-changing ideas, from technological experiments to the expansion of existing businesses into new territories. We're a team of technologists, entrepreneurs and leaders with an eye for what's next, working across Google to develop products and ideas that revolutionize the way people connect with information. Responsibilities Engage with partners to understand their requirements and explain the technical aspects of integrating the Assistant Guide OEMs and other partners through solution options and recommend technical solutions Collect external market segment requirements through OEM engagements Identify technical solutions for emerging market segments including sub-categories Provide inputs to hardware and software platform and feature definition Qualifications Minimum qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in engineering or other technical field 5 years in a technical partner- or customer-facing role in consumer electronics or related technologies Experience and demonstrable success in hardware-software systems programs with partners or customers Preferred qualifications: Development, applications engineering or product line experience Experience working with companies across hardware consumer electronics product value chain At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.