Your Responsibilities : Want to use your skills to significantly improve the daily lives of scientists and employees across R&D so they can help patients? Want to be part of high performing teams containing world class talent? Do you have a passion for developing innovative, cutting-edge solutions to scientific and operational business problems? Then this could be the role for you! The Data CoE has been in existence for over 2 years with the mission to improve R&D decision making through the better use of its data. The group has concentrated on start-up fundamentals including Infrastructure build, Platform delivery, team set-up and early value delivery through use cases. The focus now is driving implementation so we can maximise the effective use of new tools and the available data by users across all of R&D from those reporting the data, those conducting data discovery through to experts in data and computational science. This will require individuals with leadership qualities, an appreciation of the value of data and the ability to drive the embedding of new ways of working. If think you have what it takes then read on further about this opportunity . . Click below to learn more about why data is so important to GSK, and hear from our CDO, Mark Ramsey. The Opportunity ... We're looking for a skilled Data Engineer with strong experience in data movement focused on automated data movement pipelines. The ideal candidate has an eye for building and optimizing data systems and will work closely with our architects, data scientists, and analysts to help direct the flow of data within the pipeline and ensure consistency of data delivery and utilization across multiple projects. The Data Engineer will be a part of the Data CoE Data Movement team and will be responsible for the establishment of principles to review all platform, data and solutions projects prior to requirements and detailed design. As well, you'll design reviews for projects on the platform, workshops prior to work prioritization and deliver on common solution design principles, processes, including product evaluation criteria. The Data Engineer needs to be able to apply technologies to solve big data problems and to innovate big data solutions based on Data Design Principles, Platform Principles and Solutions. Because we work on the cutting edge of many technologies, we need someone who's a creative problem solver, resourceful in getting things done, and productive working independently or collaboratively. This person will act as a manager of in the context of the sprint cycles, helping nurture ideas, extract and retrieve information, determine the roadmap for the product, and work throughout the development process with the data products pipeline team. You'll also help manage daily project goals and product schedules, adjusting expectations and setting priorities. Key Responsibilities ... Architect the design and Lead the build, and operationalization of data ingestion and integration of large volumes of temporal data from different sources. Clearly communicate the feature requirements to the off-shore development team Architect the design, lead the build of complex data movement jobs to process disparate data sources and form a high integrity, high quality, well integrated data asset. Support big data infrastructure architecture (Cloudera CDH 5, StreamSets, MongoDB, and HP Vertica) Architect the design and lead the build and operationalization of monitoring and tracking of data quality and data flow dynamics Architect the design and Lead the build of User Interface to manage the data movement Automation of Data Movement using Bot and Crawler concepts Design of data pattern based components Gather and process raw data at scale (including writing scripts, web scraping, calling APIs, write SQL queries, Java development, etc.) Work closely with our engineering team to integrate data pipelines into our production systems Design of data pattern based components Our Commitment ... At GSK we are all inspired by the difference we make and challenge ourselves every day to improve the lives of patients and consumers. That’s why we have created an environment where everyone feels valued, is able to develop, contribute to our mission and be proud of what we achieve. To support you in achieving your role and career ambitions you’ll be given the opportunity to: Play an important role in delivering our mission Be an essential part of a diverse, global team Develop others as part of your own professional growth We look forward to receiving your application ! Closing date for applications: 17th Aug 2018 When applying for this role, please use the 'cover letter' of the on-line application to clearly describe how you meet the competencies for this role, as outlined in the job requirements above. The information that you have provided in your cover letter will be used to assess your application. Thank you for your interest in this opportunity. LI-GSK BigData If requiring an adjustment for a disability, once selected for interview you may contact ukdiversity.recruitment@gsk.com Why You? • Ability to manipulate and join multiple diverse datasets Architected and implemented processing of data in large volumes and demanding SLA’s Architected and implemented large number of different sources into single source Architected automation of data transformation and metadata capture process Architected capturing real time and operational metadata data Architected and Implemented Service oriented architecture Experience with designing component based architecture Strong working knowledge and experience with common data analytics software and programming languages (R, R Server, Python, SAS and SQL) Proficient understanding of distributed computing principles Strong knowledge of Big Data querying tools, such as Pig, Hive, and Impala Work knowledge and experience with integration of data from multiple data sources Strong working knowledge and experience with NonSQL databases, such as HBase, Cassandra, MongoDB Strong working knowledge and experience of various ETL techniques and frameworks, such as Flume Working knowledge and experience with Hadoop Working Knowledge and Experience with relational Databases such as Oracle, Db2, SQL Server, Postgres Experience in Java Architecture, design and Development Experience with JSON, XML Experience with any Messaging software and at least Working knowledge of Kafka Working knowledge of Docker Preferred qualifications: • Master’s degree or above, with deep practical experience in a data engineering specialization. Why GSK? : GSK is a science-led global healthcare company. We research and develop a broad range of innovative products in three primary areas of Pharmaceuticals, Vaccines and Consumer Healthcare. We have a significant global presence with commercial operations in more than 150 countries, a network of 89 manufacturing sites, and large R&D centres in the UK, USA, Belgium and China. At GSK we are leaders in what we do - our pharmaceuticals business is made up of innovative and established medicines and holds leading positions in respiratory disease and HIV, in 2015 we distributed more than 690 million doses of vaccines to over 150 countries, and our Consumer Healthcare group has a portfolio of some of the world’s most trusted and best selling brands. As a company our mission is to help people do more, feel better, live longer. To find out more about life at GSK, click here. Contact information: You may apply for this position online by selecting the Apply now button. _If you require an accommodation or other assistance to apply for a job at GSK, please contact the GSK HR Service Centre at 1-877-694-7547 (US Toll Free) or +1 801 567 5155 (outside US)._ _GSK is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, disability, genetic information, military service, covered/protected veteran status or any other federal, state or local protected class._ __ _Important notice to Employment businesses/ Agencies_ _GSK does not accept referrals from employment businesses and/or employment agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. All employment businesses/agencies are required to contact GSK's commercial and general procurement/human resources department to obtain prior written authorization before referring any candidates to GSK. The obtaining of prior written authorization is a condition precedent to any agreement (verbal or written) between the employment business/ agency and GSK. In the absence of such written authorization being obtained any actions undertaken by the employment business/agency shall be deemed to have been performed without the consent or contractual agreement of GSK. GSK shall therefore not be liable for any fees arising from such actions or any fees arising from any referrals by employment businesses/agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site._ Please note that if you are a US Licensed Healthcare Professional or Healthcare Professional as defined by the laws of the state issuing your license, GSK may be required to capture and report expenses GSK incurs, on your behalf, in the event you are afforded an interview for employment. This capture of applicable transfers of value is necessary to ensure GSK’s compliance to all federal and state US Transparency requirements. For more information, please visit GSK’s Transparency Reporting For the Record site.