Our company Viasat is in the business to connect the world. We are a global provider of satellite broadband and wireless services, infrastructure, and technology. We securely connect consumers, businesses, governments, and military to the internet — anywhere in the world. Our more than 3,700 global team members are dedicated to do what others in the industry view as impossible. We imagined and launched the world’s highest- capacity communications satellite and continue to set the standard in developing technologies that address the toughest challenges. We think big, we act intelligently, and we’re not done…we’re just beginning. Our team As a member of the Austin base security engineering team you will have the opportunity to leverage DevOps principles to innovate next generation automation and integrated cyber security solutions and participate in our Red/Blue team. Your focus will be in the fields of public & private cloud, security orchestration & architecture, application security, compliance & governance automation, and product security development. What our ideal candidate looks like You have a deep understanding of both information security and computer science. You can design and develop a distributed systems infrastructure that is scalable, highly performant, and able to handle diverse data sets. You are passionate about solving real world large scale business problems by leveraging the latest technologies like Kafka, Spark, ElasticSearch, etc. What a Distributed Systems Engineer does at Viasat Take Viasat’s existing security analysis and modeling tools to the next level of scale and sophistication using tools like Kafka, Spark, elasticsearch, and more Leverage highly reliable techniques and tools to collect and process terabytes of data, and develop datasets, visualization, and analysis for security engineers and analysts to consume Design and build big data collection systems, analytic tools, and metrics collection tools and alerting We have A world class, cloud-based platform A fun and energized team that promotes a vocal round table Challenging but fulfilling projects that affect thousands of people Ability to attend major security conferences and events Ability to attend industry-leading training courses Requirements You must have: 4+ years of experience Experience with integrated development on open source tools, pipeline and platforms Experience in SW development (Go/Scala) and scripting (python) Working efficiently with large data sets (Kafka, Spark, elastic search) Experience in cloud environments A Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or Engineering or equivalent experience Travel up to 25% US citizenship required Preferences Where you will be working: Located west of the recently revamped Austin Power Plant, our new office is ideally situated just north of Town Lake near the South Lamar footbridge. In addition to quick access to the hike/bike trail along the lake, we’re a 15-20 minute walk to great outdoor areas like Zilker Park & Barton Springs as well as iconic Austin areas like South Congress, Rainey St. and 6th St. Whether it’s after work paddle boarding, Blues on the Green at Zilker, or happy hour on Rainey, our new office offers you the opportunity to be at the heart of some of the best amenities Austin has to offer. Known as the “Live Music Capital of the World” and most recently voted 1 Best Places to Live by U.S. News, Austin residents are treated to a strong economy, pleasant year round weather and no shortage of fun activities. With events like South By Southwest, Austin City Limits, Formula One racing and Longhorn Football, Austinites are able to take advantage of numerous world renowned music festivals and sporting events. All of this, combined with favorable state and local tax rates, make Austin a fantastic place to grow your career. Ready to join Viasat? Submitting your resume takes just a few minutes and we’ll send you an automated response to let you know it has been received. If there is a potential match someone from the recruiting team will be in contact with you as soon as possible. ViaSat is an EEO/AA/Disability/Protected Veteran Employer. U.S. Citizenship or Lawful Permanent Residence status may be required for certain positions. For positions requiring U.S. Citizenship or Lawful Permanent Resident status, verification of such status will be required upon accepting employment.