The QM is responsible for the development, implementation and continuous improvement of all necessary equipment, tools, documentation, training and processes required for successful execution by the quality department. Responsible for the ISO program and quality system. The individual will be reviewing internal quality reports, recommends, implements and evaluates changes as needed. This position reports to the plant manager and has supervisory responsibility for the quality technicians. Primary Responsibilities: Quality Control Management Manage 4 QC operators working on rotating hourly shifts Ensure all quality testing tools are maintained and calibrated Review downgraded material and disposition all material; perform RCA as needed to ensure continuous improvement in operations Implement and manage safety activities within the department Utilize statistical tools to analyze operational data. This includes setting specifications, analyzing operational data and identifying areas for operational improvement Complaint Management and Resolution Manage Valéron’s Complaint Management system Ensure all customer complaints are investigated and resolved in a timely manner; work with customers and sales as needed to investigate and ensure customer’s needs are met Complete Root Cause Analysis and develop Corrective Actions as appropriate Quality Management System Manage the Quality Management System. Utilize the QMS to drive improvement in the manufacturing operations. Manage ISO system Utilize SharePoint to manage all systems documentation Process Improvement Utilize the ITW toolbox tools in implementation teams to identify and drive process improvement. This includes manufacturing as well as support functions. Utilize statistical tools in analyzing operational data. Work with the Innovation team to introduce new products into the plant and qualify new raw materials. Manages Process Engineer’s activities. Competencies: An individual should demonstrate the following competencies in order to perform the job successfully. Oral Communication \- Speaks clearly, concisely and persuasively in positive or negative situations; Listens and gets clarification; Responds well to questions; Demonstrates group presentation skills; Participates in meetings. Written Communication \- Writes clearly, simply and informatively; Edits work for spelling and grammar; Varies writing style to meet needs; Presents numerical data effectively; Able to read and interpret written information. Teamwork \- Balances team and individual responsibilities; Exhibits objectivity and openness to others' views; Gives and welcomes feedback; Contributes to building a positive team spirit; Puts success of team above own interests; Able to build morale and group commitments to goals and objectives; Supports everyone's efforts to succeed. Process Orientation – Views business activities in terms of process. Seeks a detailed understanding of each process looking for ways to simplify and improve them. Uses metrics to evaluate performance. Details both process and results measures. Incorporates the “voice of the customer” when dealing with outwardly facing processes. Leadership \- Creates and effectively communicates a compelling vision for the business and aligns his/her team and senior management behind it. Exhibits confidence in self and others; Inspires and motivates others to perform well; Takes ownership: Drives positive change and challenges the status quo. Addresses issues with courage. Leads and behaves from an “enterprise first” perspective. Managing People \- Strong coach/mentor that shares talent for their development. Assesses performance objectively and candidly; makes the tough calls when necessary includes staff in planning, decision-making, facilitating and process improvement; Takes responsibility for subordinates' activities; Makes self-available to staff; Provides regular performance feedback; Develops subordinates' skills and encourages growth; Solicits and applies customer feedback (internal and external); Fosters quality focus in others; Improves processes, products and services.; Continually works to improve supervisory skills. Focuses on solving conflict; Maintains confidentiality; Listens to others; Hight emotional intelligence; Remains open to others' ideas and tries new things. Business Acumen \- Understands business implications of decisions; Displays orientation to profitability; Demonstrates knowledge of market and competition; Aligns work with strategic goals. Education and Experience Technical degree. Engineering or material science preferred. 5+ years progressive experience in a factory manufacturing environment utilizing Lean or similar manufacturing philosophy, Six Sigma, and/or Total Quality Management principles. Experience in plastics and blown film preferred. 2+ years QA/QC experience as a Quality Manager and/or Senior Quality Engineer including implementing and managing Quality Management Systems. ASQ Certification preferred Statistical Process Control expertise, including expertise with a statistical modeling tool Proven technical leadership with Continuous Improvement systems including the ability to utilize structured problem-solving methods to deliver breakthrough business results. Experience using a structured RCA tool. Experience dealing with customers to resolve complaints or in support of sales activities Experience with SharePoint Preferred