At Protiviti, we believe that a career is about more than just working, providing deliverables, and being compensated for your efforts. A Protiviti Career is about opportunities to lead, learn, grow, and make a difference. We strive to recruit and hire the best talent. But it doesn't stop there. Once you join us, we build your career through exceptional work experiences, a culture focused on learning and development, and a commitment to the things that matter to you. Are you inspired to make a difference? You've come to the right place . JOB REQUISITION Boston Data & Analytics Business Intelligence Manager LOCATION BOSTON ADDITIONAL LOCATION JOB DESCRIPTION Qualifications: The Senior Consultant has primary responsibility for direct supervision of Consultants in developing and executing projects. The Senior Consultant has direct, client-facing engagement responsibilities. Serving as both role model and trainer for Consultants, the Senior Consultant demonstrates the attributes of excellent client service and assists team members in developing technical and professional competency. The Senior Consultant learns to identify areas of IT risk in the client environment and opportunities to help them to improve business processes. REQUIRED GENERAL KNOWLEDGE & SKILLS Strong project management and client relationship skills Prior management and direct supervisory experience in a team environment Self-starter and can operate independently as needed A high threshold for ambiguity and lack of structure and process during early phases of engagements Creative and logical problem-solving abilities Excellent leadership, interpersonal, and team building skills Mentoring and people development capabilities Advanced listening skills and written and verbal communications Ability to multi-task and maintain professional demeanor under pressure Organization and time management expertise Proficient in Microsoft Office suite applications with specific emphasis on Access, Excel, Visio and PowerPoint PREFERRED TECHNICAL KNOWLEDGE & SKILLS Prior experience working in either Data warehousing or Business Intelligence Experience with any major ETL vendor, such as SSIS, Informatica, Data Stage, etc. Experience designing and implementing data models for applications or reporting 3+ years working with SQL including intermediate to advanced knowledge on DML / DDL Experience with any of the major Business Intelligence reporting tools, such as BusinessOjbects, Hyperion, Cognos, Microstrategy, Tableau, QlikView, or SSRS Experience working within a Microsoft SQL Server, MySQL, Oracle, TeraData, or other major database management systems Experience with either Master or Meta Data repositories Experience working with business stakeholders to translate business issues into technology solutions and vice versa Demonstrated knowledge of technology project risks and strategies for managing and mitigating them Data Governance is a plus EDUCATIONAL & PROFESSIONAL CREDENTIALS Bachelor’s degree required 3+ years in a related field, preferably in professional services and/or industry ABILITY TO TRAVEL Travel throughout the month frequently required based on client requests/commitments Protiviti is not licensed or registered as a public accounting firm and does not issue opinions on financial statements or offer attestation services. For all US & Canada Postings: You may submit your application materials online or call 1.888.556.7420 for additional ways to apply. Protiviti is an Equal Opportunity Employer. M/F/Disability/Veteran JOB LOCATION MA BOSTON