Come join the “A” team and build the future at Bose We are seeking a top-notch Microservices Session Architect to join our Cloud Platform Architecture team. In this role, you will be responsible for ensuring that our Kubernetes-based cloud platform is highly responsive to API calls and other messages and events, maintaining the reliability and security necessary to serve millions of consumers. The ideal candidate will bring rich knowledge of best practices and design patterns, along with a strong software engineering background. The ideal candidate is also comfortable and experienced with building and supporting high volume, always-on, mission critical production applications. Bose is transforming the way audio devices interact with the Cloud, creating new experiences for connecting people to what they love the most. We are imagining new data-driven experiences, designing new services, building software architecture and infrastructure, and scaling our solutions to serve millions of customers. Join us to invent and build our cloud platform for the 21st century and power the next wave of innovation at Bose. Principal Duties and Responsibilities What's a session? Bose is building a highly scaled, global cloud platform through a microservices architecture. As every device or app makes an API request into our cloud platform, we need to track and manage the request through multiple microservices and database requests, ensuring that any needed data is quickly available and guaranteeing that all permissions are validated and enforced. The Microservices Session Architect will work with other members of the Cloud Platform Architecture Team, as well as many other engineers building cloud capability. Responsibilities for this job include: Define stateful structures for maintaining session context through a set of API interactions and series of microservices Work with other cloud architects to define identity and permission schemes for the microservices environment Create instrumentation processes that trace and analyze system performance throughout the cloud platform Build an understanding of all aspects of the cloud platform including network ingress, monitoring, alerting, RBAC, data distribution, and multi-region deployment Collaborate with data engineers and platform architects to deploy high-performance data caching with truly global reach Consult with our DevOps team and other consumers of the platform to develop SLAs and KPI targets Work closely with engineering teams to conduct root cause analysis for production incidents, and to evolve troubleshooting infrastructure and tooling Participate in solution design for new cloud platform features, open source technologies, and tool evaluation and selection Stay up-to-date on relevant technologies, plug into user groups, understand trends and opportunities to ensure we are using the best possible techniques and tools Qualifications Software process automation with popular scripting languages (Python, Node.js, and/or Ruby) Knowledge of best practices and IT operations in an always-up, always-available mission critical service BS in Computer Science or equivalent technical domain, MS preferred 5+ years experience in software development or IT organizations 2+ years direct experience with AWS or similar cloud infrastructure What you can expect at Bose: Working with wicked smart, super cool people in a campus-like atmosphere Working on leading edge technologies in cloud micro-services, big data and IoT Competitive salary, benefits and retirement plan Easy commute right off Mass Pike A culture of excellence, respect, opportunity and passion for innovation Bose is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristics. For additional information, please review: (1) the EEO is the Law Poster (http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/OFCCP_EEO_Supplement_Final_JRF_QA_508c.pdf); and (2) its Supplements (http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/ofccpost.htm). Please note, the company's pay transparency is available at http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/pdf/EO13665_PrescribedNondiscriminationPostingLanguage_JRFQA508c.pdf. Bose is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the application or employment process, please send an e-mail to Wellbeing@bose.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.