IT Security Analyst Location: Houston - United States Schlumberger IT Operations is looking for an IT Security Analyst to join the newly created Houston SOC Team. The IT Security Analyst position requires information gathering, analytics aptitude, problem-solving skills and team spirit to minimize and/or neutralize risk. IT Security Analysts are on the "front lines" of security operations. Incumbents constantly monitor the environment for signs of trouble and are often the first point of contact when a high-risk alert is issued or a suspected attack begins to affect business operations. Responsibilities: The candidate may work on any of the following: Security Operation Unit, and IT Systems collecting security data, searching, monitoring and analyzing machine-generated big data provide a wide variety of automated feeds into the SOC. The Analyst analyzes the results of these monitoring solutions, asses and correlate the output using automated systems. This position will conduct the triage, event correlation, classification and analysis of these events such that incidents are investigated and logged or followed-up using the existing information risk incident management processes. The Analyst will follow-up with higher level IT Security Analysts or his/her immediate supervisor to seek further information necessary for proper analysis and quick turnaround on Incidents. He/She will provide guidance on the response action plans for information risk events and incidents based on incident type and severity. The analyst will provide pro-active feedback which will enable improvement of the current monitoring rules, based on information and knowledge/experience from Schlumberger and Industry best practices. This position is capable of working unsupervised, but able to interact and give direction to business and IT teams in line within established corporate security policies and processes. This position may be working in flexible hours, should expect to work early/late or WE shift and public holiday. Develops and maintains constructive and cooperative working relationships team members Demonstrates the ability to drive for creative, innovative ways to solve problem or minimize risk Consultative skills and ability to work cross-functionally. Focused and results oriented The job requires the typical physical demands of an office environment and is normally performed at the SOC of Houston, Texas. Qualifications & Experience Bachelor's or Master's degree in a technical field such as Computer science, Management Information Technology (MIS), Engineering, and Mathematics is strongly preferred. 10 years of professional experience in Information Technology. Five (5) year’s work experience in information security and/or SOC with ideally capability to think out of the box Windows 10 AD, Carbon Black, Palo Alto, SPLUNK or SIEM Five (5) year’s work experience in computing environment or Data Networking fields. Experience on a Computer Incident Response Team (CIRT), Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT), Computer Security Incident Response Center (CSIRC) or a Security Operations Center (SOC). Experience with Anti-Virus, Intrusion Detection Systems, Firewalls, Active Directory, Vulnerability Assessment tools and other security tools found in large network environments; along with experience working with Security Information and Event Management (SEIM) solutions. Familiarity with various network and host-based security applications and tools, such as network and host assessment/scanning tools, network and host based intrusion detection systems, and other security software packages. Digital Media Analysis (DMA) and prior computer forensics experience strongly desired, but not required. Knowledge of Cisco networking is essential in understanding how Schlumberger’s network is configured. Experience with SPLUNK to maintain and create, as needed, scripts to perform special functions or automated reports within SPLUNK. Experience with a variety of operating system experience, Windows/Linux/Unix/iOS/Android/WP in a functional capacity. Security and/or Networking experience and understanding in the Working knowledge of general security methodologies, concepts following: Basic routing principles and networking fundamentals Well known protocols and services (FTP,HTTP,SSH,SMB,LDAP) Packet Analysis Tools (TCPDUMP, Wireshark, Ngrep) Knowledge/Experience with Orchestrator "ePO", SourceFire IPS, Juniper/Palo Alto Firewalls, and Must have familiarity with TCP/IP services or networks and have a passion and interest for technology as well as desire to learn more about security related platforms and malcode analysis. Must possess good work habits, a strong work ethic, and be able to adhere to company work hours, policies, and standard business etiquette. Must exemplify strong analytical skills, have strong problem-solving skills using structured and methodic investigation method while applying logical thinking. Consensus building and strong collaboration skills are crucial. Excellent communication, verbal and written skills. CISSP certification or in the process of completing it. CCNA certification is an advantage Candidates must be able to legally work and reside in the US, without sponsorship Schlumberger is an equal employment opportunity employer. Qualified applicants are considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, status as a protected veteran or other characteristics protected by law. Schlumberger is a VEVRAA Federal Contractor – priority referral Protected Veterans requested.