Gravitec’s Art and Media Department is seeking a talented graphic designer for our world-class facility located in Poulsbo, WA. The ideal candidate for this position excels in detail oriented graphic design work and original design ideas with a focus on educational materials in print and web-based materials for marketing. They also possess excellent communication, problem-solving and organizational skills. This individual must be able to work both independently and in a team environment. Company Profile Gravitec Systems, Inc. has been an industry leader in the field of fall protection for over 30 years, working with owners, architects, and contractors to provide innovative turn-key engineering and training solutions for our clients’ fall protection needs, worldwide. Falling is one of the leading causes of fatality, both on the job and at home, and our clients continue to rely on our expertise because we provide the highest quality of protection for their workers. RESPONSIBILITIES Work in a collaborative environment with other graphic artists and photographer/videographer and other staff Begin and/or finish projects overflowed from graphic artists and photographer/videographer Photo editing: Composition, clipping paths for product and color correction Video editing QUALIFICATIONS 2+ years of in-house experience Experience using a Mac, Adobe Creative Cloud, and some PC knowledge is beneficial Competent in InDesign, Illustrator, Photoshop, Lightroom and Acrobat Professional Effective multitasking and the ability to meet deliverable dates with high-quality work Excellent problem solving, communication and interpersonal skills OTHER HELPFUL EXPERIENCE Website maintenance – Woo Commerce and WordPress Copywriting Motion Graphics Premier After Effects BENEFITS Hourly Rate: DOE Medical / Dental / Vision plan. 401(k) savings opportunity. Paid Vacation and Holidays. Tremendous growth potential with a leader in an ever-expanding market. Reports to: Director of Visual Media FLSA Status: Non-Exempt / Full Time For consideration for this position, please include your cover letter, resume, and reference this position title. Any applicants that fail to submit the requested information will not be considered. If you have any questions, please contact our Human Resources Department for additional information.