Job Summary This strategic role will manage the overall financial and business controls of Services. Specifically, focused on the global financial, operational and business analytics for Nutanix Services. Ensuring continued growth through improved scale and efficiency. This position will report directly to the VP of Services and will serve as a member of the Services Leadership Team (SLT). Working with the SLT, the position also contributes to the development and implementation of organizational strategies, policies, and processes. Responsibilities Improve the operational systems, processes and policies in support of organizations mission - specifically, support better management reporting, information flow and management, business process and organizational planning. Play a significant role in long-term planning, including an initiative geared toward operational excellence. Oversee overall financial management, planning, and process analysis & improvement. Management of the Services budget in coordination with SLT, Finance and Sales Operations Regular meetings with VP on our financial position and operational execution _Financial & Operational Management_ Direct quarterly/annual budgeting and planning process for the organization's annual budget Develop and manage annual budget Oversee monthly and quarterly assessments and forecasts of organization's financial and operational performance against budget, financial and operational goals. Ability to work with both NetSuite and SFDC in reporting and management of the core Services metrics Develop long-range forecasts and maintain long-range financial plans. Drive continuous Operational and Process improvements Establish consistent reporting and analytics across all sales regions Run various regular and ad hoc analysis of key Services data including productivity, pipeline, forecasting, consultant performance, etc. Leverage market/customer data to provide analysis that will drive Services strategy _General_ Work cross-functionally on creating a regular cadence around the distribution of Services reporting and analytics Excellent problem-solving and project management skills Intellectual curiosity with respect to understanding the business and what drives success Strong interpersonal skills and ability to communicate at all levels throughout the organization Qualifications At least 3-5 years’ experience in Financial Management focused on Services and/or Sales a must Strong background and work experience in Services and/or Finance a must Deep understanding of NetSuite and SFDC; proficient in Excel, Word, and Outlook a must Excellent communication skills both verbal and written Knowledge and experience in organizational effectiveness and operations management implementing best practices Demonstrated leadership and vision in managing between groups and major projects or initiatives. Excellent interpersonal skills and a collaborative management style. Background in a fast paced, high growth environment Requirements Broad understanding of Services, Sales and business analytics in a B2B environment Strong knowledge of the enterprise and SME Services reporting process and metrics Excellent problem-solving and project management skills Intellectual curiosity with respect to understanding the business and what drives success Strong interpersonal skills and ability to communicate at all levels throughout the organization