Job Title: Logistics Sourcing Specialist Location of Position: 4636 Somerton Road, Trevose, PENNSYLVANIA 19053-6742 USA Posting Number: req2768 Description: The Logistics Sourcing Specialist is responsible for assisting at providing strong Indirect Sourcing engagement within Water Technologies & Solutions. Responsibilities include data collection, extensive data analysis, interfacing with internal and external customers and suppliers, and presentation preparation. Job duties also include helping to create sourcing strategies that deliver a competitive advantage driving the strategic supplier initiatives; supplier selection, development, and the supplier consolidation to ensure sourcing optimization and overall supplier performance. You will also identify key suppliers, negotiate with suppliers and work to place contracts with suppliers as requested. Essential Responsibilities Support the Sourcing efforts of the purchased services across the business. Support the Sourcing effort in support of both North America and Global Sourcing. Participate in development of the business indirect sourcing strategy. Report and trace savings. Engage with project managers early and often. Negotiate with suppliers as necessary. Complete supplier agreements as necessary. Look, identify and communicate IDM sourcing opportunities. Work closely with project managers and suppliers to develop continuous improvement contracts. Work effectively with Project team to drive competition and challenge usage needs. Balance tactical execution with strategic initiatives necessary to drive cost reduction everywhere possible without negative impact to the value stream. Prepare and present business cases and should-cost models; perform complex data analysis and build financial models (i.e. ROI, supplier scorecards, savings tracking, make vs. buy decision models). Analyze and summarize RFQ responses and results and prepare recommendations for Procurement Managers. Help establish contract terms and conditions and coordinate with legal to execute contracts with suppliers that optimize the partnership. Aid operations with the development of transition plans to new suppliers and support implementation. Drive and look for continuous improvement opportunities. Actively contribute to the governance processes with suppliers and outsourced partners. Work with suppliers and key stakeholders to manage supplier performance and develop new capabilities. Build and maintain strong relationships with stakeholders and third-party providers. Identify root causes and work with internal and external stakeholders to drive efficient resolutions when performance issues emerge. Identify cost drivers to increase cost awareness and influence cost consciousness. Interface with cross-functional teams to help implement and drive procurement strategy, policies and procedures. Support value generation sourcing and process improvement initiatives to optimize third party spend across Logistics and Warehousing. Conduct analysis in Excel, Tableau and other BI tools to support procurement activities including spend analytics, budget analysis, etc. Required: Bachelor’s Degree from an accredited university or college in sourcing, supply chain, business or equivalent discipline 3 years of work experience in logistics, supply chain, sourcing or procurement Desired: Experience at data collection, analysis, and costing Self-starter Detail orientated Expert Experience with Microsoft office products to include Excel, PowerPoint, Word Project management experience and project timeline development and tracking Excellent negotiation skills and analytical skills with the ability to manage and develop supplier relationships Contract creation and review experience Ability to energize, develop and build rapport at all levels within an organization Proven ability to execute and deliver on commitments Experience implementing a compliant supply chain Greenbelt certification Compensation: Annual 0.00 - 0.00 USD Is relocation for this position offered: No Number of Job Openings: 1 Company Grade/Band: Professional Join the Resource Revolution! SUEZ Water Technologies & Solutions looks for innovation everywhere. For more than 100 years, SUEZ has been at the forefront of innovation, from the SUEZ Canal to addressing water scarcity. Finding solutions to the world's biggest problems has never been more important than right now. Join us today and become an essential part of the Resource Revolution! SUEZ’s Water Technologies and Solutions (SWTS) offers a great work environment, professional development, challenging careers, and competitive compensation. SWTS is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.