Job Title: International Operations (IO) Administrator Department: International Operations (IO) Location: GSC - Phoenix Reports To: Chief International Operations Officer (CIOO) Values, Vision, and Purpose At Food for the Hungry, we operate under a set of guiding principles we call “The Heartbeat.” This includes our Values, Vision, and Purpose, which serve as the explanation of who we are and how we work as an organization. Together we follow God’s call responding to human suffering and graduating communities from extreme poverty. Position Purpose The IO Administrator supports the CIOO, the Deputy Director of Int’l Ops (DDIO), and functional areas of International Operations. The responsibilities include providing key administrative support, organizing meetings and events, compiling reports and presentations, managing projects, and assisting with other duties/projects as assigned. This position reports directly and functionally to the CIOO. Responsibilities Please note: this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties, or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities, and activities may change at any time with or without notice. Key Result 1 – Provide key administrative support to the CIOO and DDIO (65% of time). 1\. Perform technical and confidential duties related to the day-to-day function of the CIOO; 2\. Assist in the creation and/or editing of various communications on behalf of the CIOO, as well as in the design of presentations and reports; 3\. Coordinate various aspects of travel – domestic and international – for the CIOO/DDIO; 4\. Process and submit expense reports and monthly Visa reconciliation for the CIOO; 5\. Manage CIOO and IO calendar and schedule/rearrange appointments; 6\. Plan and make arrangements for events hosted by the CIOO (or as assigned), including IO Team face-to-face meetings. This includes scheduling, logistics, catering, equipment set-up, note taking during meetings, etc. Key Result 2 – Provide support for the International Operations Team reporting to the CIOO (30% of time). 1\. Provide support proofreading, editing, and/or improving the layout of documents, reports, evaluations, presentations, in coordination with the IO Team; 2\. Work on special projects and tasks as assigned; 3\. Support IO leadership as a liaison/advocate with GSC offices in Phoenix. Key Result 3 – Professional Development (5% of time). 1\. Meet regularly with CIOO to discuss/monitor development plans and individual goals; 2\. In consultation with and approval of the CIOO, pursue ongoing professional and personal development through courses/trainings, seminars, conferences, etc. Qualifications: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty/function satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Vibrant personal relationship with Jesus Christ and Christian commitment to serving the poor and in full agreement with FH’s Christian foundation and beliefs as expressed in The Heartbeat: our Values, Vision, and Purpose; Excellent people skills including warmth and sensitivity, conversational, able to relate to and effectively communicate with people from different cultures (at various levels within the organization); Excellent written and verbal communications skills, and proofreading skills, ability to compose, proof read, and edit many types of written documents with a high level of accuracy; Demonstrated computer operating skills, including proficiency in Microsoft Office products, Google platform, and virtual technologies such as Skype and/or GoToMeeting; Excellent organizational skills; ability to plan and coordinate work, ensure the efficient flow of projects and processes; Ability to handle sensitive and confidential situations and documentation; Ability to sit at a computer for up to 8 hours a day doing repetitive motions on a keyboard; Ability to lift up to 25 pounds above shoulder height; Ability to travel up to 10% of time per year in the US and internationally, to insecure countries or locations. Education and Experience: Bachelor’s degree from four-year college or university with at least two years of related experience; or equivalent combination of education and experience. Cross-cultural experience a plus. Supervisor Responsibilities: This position does not have direct supervisory responsibilities. Language: Proficiency in spoken and written English. Ability to read, analyze, and interpret general business periodicals, professional journals, technical procedures, or government regulations. Ability to write reports, business correspondence, and procedure manuals. Ability to effectively present information and respond to questions from groups of managers, clients, customers, and the general public.