The Fixed-Operations Director is responsible for the efficient and profitable operation of the dealership's Service and Parts department and is accountable for the customer satisfaction indexes, staffing and overall coordination of both departments. Responsibilities Essential Duties include the following. Other duties and responsibilities may be assigned. Forecasts goals and objectives for the Service and Parts department and strives to meet them. Trains, motivates, counsels, and monitors the performance of all Service and Parts department staff. Reviews financial statements, sales and activity reports, and other performance data to measure productivity and goal achievement and to determine areas of improvement. Determines annual staffing needs and succession planning for the Service and Parts department. Establishes and implements departmental policies, goals, objectives, and procedures to reduce departmental inefficiencies. Analyzes departmental operations and storage layout and revises as needed for maximum effectiveness. Oversees the implementation of product marketing strategies including advertising campaigns and sales promotions. Ensures a balanced Parts inventory is maintained consistent with the Service and Parts department requirements. Monitors the effective labor sales rate on a continuous basis. Controls budgets for personnel and other expenses. Determines and implements pricing parameters in each customer category that generate sufficient gross profit to produce a satisfactory profit while maintaining customer loyalty. Ensures that the department staff deals with common inconveniences, concerns, and misunderstandings fairly and quickly. Handles guest concerns that demand management’s attention tactfully, promptly, and with genuine concern for the guest’s problems. Reviews flat rate flagging practices on a periodic basis. Stays a breast on product changes, new products and warranties. Assures proper repair order flow to satisfy warranty/dealership/business office requirements. Establishes and maintains relationships with manufacturer representatives. Performs other administrative duties, as needed. Maintain high ethical standards in all actions. Qualifications To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. Individuals should possess: Individual should posses a high school diploma or equivalent; a college degree or technical degree desired; A minimum of eight (8) years of combined dealership service and parts experience; with three (3) years management experience; Knowledge of dealership warranty process and policies; automotive parts operations including purchasing, inventory control, and pricing and repairs; dealership financial statements; principles and processes for providing customer services; and mathematical principles (adding, subtracting, dividing, multiplying, and percentages) and application; Ability to determining causes of operating errors and deciding what to do about it; interview, hire and develop employees; create and perform corrective actions and performance appraisals; coordinate activities with other employees and to oversee the work of subordinates; use good judgment in challenging situations; read and comprehend instructions and information in the English language; work well with the public; communicate in a professional manner on the phone, internet and in person; and use standard office equipment; Must have a valid driver’s license and have and maintain an acceptable, safe driving record. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Physical Demands The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Individual will be required to: Frequently required to stand; walk; sit; use hands to finger, handle, or feel; and talk or hear Occasionally required to reach with hands and arms and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl.Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential function Why Penske Motor Group WHAT’S IN IT FOR ME? Competitive wages Full Time position available. Training Opportunities through Penske College to help advance this position from a Job to a Career. Full Suite of Medical Benefits to include Health, Dental and Vision Insurance 401K with Company Match Tuition Reimbursement Employee Referral Bonus Program Company and Corporate Partner Discounts to companies like GE, Dell, Microsoft, Quicken and many others. Access to our Health & Wellness Program, Wellness Coach and more. WHAT DO TEAM MEMBERS HAVE TO SAY? Want to know what it’s like to work here? Check us out on Glassdoor.com! http://www.glassdoor.com/Overview/Working-at-Penske-Motor-Group- EI_IE510101.11,29.htm Follow us on Facebook: www.facebook.com/penskemotorgroupcareers Follow us on Twitter: www.twitter.com/penskemotorgrp