The Department of Youth Services (DYS), under Massachusetts General Laws, Chapters 18A, 119 and 120, is the juvenile justice agency of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. The Department’s mission is to protect the public and prevent crime by promoting positive change in the lives of youth committed to DYS care and custody, and by partnering with communities, families, public, and provider agencies toward this end. The Department accomplishes its mission through interventions that build knowledge, develop skills and promote positive change in the behavior of the youth in DYS care and custody. The primary goal of these interventions is to reintegrate youth back to the community as productive citizens. DYS works in partnership with provider agencies, law enforcement and school officials, families, communities and others to ensure that the services provided are effective and that they create pathways to success for the young men and women in DYS care and custody. By working in close collaboration with these entities, DYS can continue to help make communities better and safer places. DYS consists of its Central Office, located at 600 Washington Street in Boston, 5 service regions and 22 district offices that are strategically located to provide supervision and support to the DYS detained and committed population in their home communities. Each region has its own continuum of services and supervision consisting of hardware and staff secure residential programs, community and re-entry services. DYS operates 78 programs including 57 residential programs 21 community-based programs to serve youths who live in the community (residing with a parent, guardian, foster parent or in a transitional living program). This position will be located at Metro Region/Judge Connelly Youth Service Center at 450 Canterbury Street, Roslindale, MA 02131. The Metro Region Re-Entry Caseworker primary duties include, but are not limited to the following: Interface with Provider Agency Support Casework Staff a minimum of 3 times per week. Attend weekly re-entry team meeting. Connect with all youth who are currently in the community a minimum of 5 times per week. Conduct a minimum of 1 home visit per week. Maintain weekly contact with parents/legal guardian. Conduct a minimum of 1 school/employment check per week. If youth is in school and work, Caseworker needs to complete visit to each site. Meet with assigned youth who are in placement a minimum of 2 times a month. Work closely with the community casework team to coordinate data from initial assessments to present. Develop a community management plan (CMP) and personal accountability agreement with the youth. Continue to work with re-entry youth to ensure they are receiving the services stipulated in the plan. Work on linking youth with appropriate providers in the community such as job training, educational opportunities, counseling, employment, and pro-social activities, family counseling, and psychiatric services, medical and dental care, prior to discharge. Advocate for client and monitor youths participation in all assigned programming both in placement and at home. Work on identifying specific needs of the youth such as safe housing, parenting and family concerns and life style support concerns (obtaining ID, birth certificates, social security cards and driver’s license, etc.) Identify and develop relationships with both the youth and the youth’s family, and other natural supports while in secure/residential placement. Attend and participate in all discharge meetings. Attend and participate in all District Office intake meetings. Provide and perform supportive counseling, crisis prevention and crisis intervention to youth around family, school, work and other issues that may arise. Develop working relationship with Education & Career Counselor to work effectively with youth and school personnel as related to community-based schools. Participate in community initiatives and meetings. Continue to network on a regular basis seeking out positive opportunities and resources for youth and families. Maintain an updated file on each youth, which includes monthly reports, case history updates, school records, court documents, etc. Prepare revocation reports justifying such actions, provides all needed documents and attends the revocation meeting. Attend all identified job training. Maintain Juvenile Justice Enterprise Management System (JJEMS) records and ensure prompt and accurate data entry. Maintain the Re-entry youth census including all statistics for education and employment goals, electronic monitoring and new arrests. Coordination, maintenance and monitoring of the Metro Region’s GPS system that helps track the most serious offenders in the region. Will participate weekly in Operation Night Light and able to work one flex night a week until 11:00 PM. Attend monthly Mandatory Sentencing and re-entry panels. Educate youth, families, police, courts, school providers, etc., on the philosophy structure and procedures of DYS. Deals fairly, equally and honestly with youth at all times. Provides written and accurate incidents/serious incident reports promptly. Responds to requests and instructions in a dependable and efficient manner. Communicates important information in an effective and timely manner regarding clients to District Office staff, secure/residential personnel, parents/legal guardians, community monitors, DCF, courts, supervisor, etc. Hold case reviews 30-60-90 days from release on youth to review progress. Inviting all service providers, client and parents. Manage client substance abuse services in accordance with their assigned track (Prevention or Treatment). Utilize accordingly Boston Juvenile Re-Entry Initiative (BJRI) Mental Health provider component. Utilize GPS on all youth during their first 30 days of release and when a higher level of supervision may be required. Maintain a high level of supervision on all re-entry youth who are placed in the community. Preferred Qualifications Strong written and verbal skills. Considerable knowledge of casework principles and methods. Considerable knowledge of the cases, rehabilitative methods and prevention of juvenile delinquency. Considerable knowledge of State laws pertaining to juvenile laws and juvenile rights. Considerable knowledge of community agencies’ capacity to provide resources to youth with special needs and role of community agencies on youth behavior. Knowledge of and experience in community corrections. Knowledge of pathways to delinquency. Knowledge of adolescent development. Knowledge of Mental Health/Trauma issues in adolescents. Ability/Desire to work with juvenile offenders using a team approach. Knowledge of gender-responsive principles as it pertains to adolescent. This position will be located at Metro Region/Judge Connelly Youth Service Center at 450 Canterbury Street, Roslindale, MA 02131. Candidate must be flexible. Work Schedule: Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday – 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM Thursday and Friday – 12:00 PM to 8:00 PM Minimum Age Requirement: 21 years Employment is contingent on a Background check. Pre-Employment Requirements: Candidates must pass a pre-employment screening which includes: 1) Drug Screening; 2) Psychological Screening; 3) Medical Examination; and 4) Physical Abilities Test (PAT) for direct care positions. If you would like more information, please logon to the DYS website www.mass.gov/dys to access detailed information on the Pre-Employment process. A criminal and tax history background check will be completed on the recommended candidate as required by the regulations set forth by the Executive Office of Health and Human Services prior to the candidate being hired. For more information, please visit “http://www.mass.gov/hhs/cori" and click on "Information for Job Applicants." Education, licensure and certifications will be verified in accordance with the Human Resources Division’s Hiring Guidelines Education and license/certification information provided by the selected candidate(s) is subject to the Massachusetts Public Records Law and may be published on the Commonwealth’s website. For questions, please contact the CYF Office of Human Resources at 1-800-510-4122 and select option 2. Qualifications First consideration will be given to those applicants that apply within the first 14 days. MINIMUM ENTRANCE REQUIREMENTS: REQUIRED WORK EXPERIENCE: At least two years of full-time, or equivalent part- time, professional experience in the counseling, rehabilitation, or custodial care and treatment of criminal offenders, inmates, prisoners, or juvenile offenders. SUBSTITUTIONS: A Bachelor's or higher degree in social work, psychology, sociology, counseling, counseling education, rehabilitation, rehabilitation counseling, law enforcement, criminal justice, or criminology may be substituted for the required experience on the basis of two years of education for one year of experience. One year of education equals 30 semester hours. Education toward a degree will be prorated on the basis of the proportion of the requirements actually completed. LICENSES: Based on assignment, a current and valid Massachusetts Motor Vehicle Operator's license or the equivalent from another state may be required. PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS: After assignment, employees must be able to pass the physical requirements of the Special State Police Training Academy.