Your career starts now. We’re looking for the next generation of health care leaders. At AmeriHealth Caritas, we’re passionate about helping people get care, stay well and build healthy communities. As one of the nation's leaders in health care solutions, we offer our associates the opportunity to impact the lives of millions of people through our national footprint of products, services and award-winning programs. AmeriHealth Caritas is seeking talented, passionate individuals to join our team. Together we can build healthier communities. If you want to make a difference, we’d like to hear from you. Headquartered in Philadelphia, AmeriHealth Caritas is a mission-driven organization with more than 30 years of experience. We deliver comprehensive, outcomes-driven care to those who need it most. We offer integrated managed care products, pharmaceutical benefit management and specialty pharmacy services, behavioral health services, and other administrative services. Discover more about us at www.amerihealthcaritas.com. Responsibilities: Build repeatable automated reports to support all functional areas including but not limited to Enrollment, Customer Service, Claims, Finance, Encounters, Reconciliation and Medical Management to support operational excellence across all Products. Develop Complex reporting to support oversight capabilities and ensure performance standards meet all Plan, State and CMS audit and Star requirements. Support creative solutions to mitigate real-time business break fix’s following a three pronged agile approach inclusive of developing short, mid and long term automated solutions. Provide analytics to help re-engineer existing business processes to gain efficiencies and reduce manual intervention utilizing agile three pronged approach. Develop ad-hoc and repeatable State, CMS and internal reporting as needed. Ability to maneuver through all systems test environment to support preliminary testing of all work. Interface directly with the Process Improvement Analysts (PIA) to secure and understand technical requirements with the ability to translate into IS language and code development. Collaborate and develop strong business partnerships with the Medicare IS, Compliance and Business Owners of each functional area along with the Enterprise IS, EDI, Medical Economics, Quality Assurance and Operations teams. Requires extensive operational systems experience, IS knowledge and understanding of IS technical terms. Excels in data manipulation and reporting. Thorough understanding of data bases and, file transfer protocols. Education/Experience: Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent work experience. Data warehouse ad hoc queries. CMS Medicare technical experience and understanding of regulatory requirements. Proficiency in translating functional requirements into code development. Ability to create procedures and Scripts. Solid understanding of MMS Keyword File scripting. Advanced knowledge of ETL (Extract, Transform and Load), SSIS (SQL Server Integrated Services), SQL Server Business Intelligence Development Studio, and SQL Server Management Studio. Microsoft Office: Excel, Access, Word, Visio, SQL SAS Effective analytical, problem solving and process improvement skills. Ability to trend data and form conclusions. Statistics or advanced math techniques preferred.