Cisco Meraki is searching for a Special Projects Associate to join our Training and Evangelism team in San Francisco! As the fastest growing cloud- managed networking team in the world, our products and technology architecture are changing the face of enterprise networking and making cloud-managed IT a reality. We also understand, by simplifying powerful technology we can free passionate people to focus on their mission. The Training & Evangelism team is a highly interdisciplinary part of the Meraki organization. On this team, we drive market adoption of Meraki by developing, promoting and delivering scalable programs that build knowledge and create enthusiasm among participants. Our audiences include reseller, service provider, and distribution partners, customers, and the rest of the Cisco organization. Are you ready to join the team? You: As Meraki grows, our programs need to evolve to meet changing market needs and touch more people in more geographies more efficiently. In this role, you will help to guide the direction of Meraki training by leading strategic projects in support of this evolution. You will work with the larger Cisco organization, identify and scope opportunities, perform analyses, develop partnerships, lead cross-functional initiatives, and implement new processes. This is a new and dynamic role, so we’re looking for you to be self-starter who can get up to speed quickly in any situation and dive into the details as needed, all while driving towards the overarching team objectives. Responsibilities: Catalog best practices within Cisco and across the tech industry for training delivery at scale Develop and maintain relationships with key stakeholders within Meraki and the larger Cisco organization Identify and prioritize opportunities for training program evolution; make strategic recommendations to team leaders Plan and own strategic projects from end-to-end, collaborating with teams across the organization Develop metrics, processes, and resources to support key priorities Measure project impact and determine next steps Qualifications: Strategic thinker and creative problem-solver Excellent communication, both written and verbal, with the ability to communicate complex ideas Highly diplomatic, with the ability to work effectively with people at all levels in an organization Strong analytical and quantitative skills Ability to prioritize among multiple workstreams Demonstrated project management expertise Proficiency in PPT and developing presentations Bachelor’s degree from an accredited 4-year university 3-4 years of work experience, ideally in management consulting or business strategy Cisco is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer and all people will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, genetic information, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis.