What you’ll be doing… As a Manager for Customer Renewals business unit, you will be an extraordinary sales manager and a company leader. With your vision and practical experience, you will lead your team with respect and honesty. What you'll be doing… Revenue and Retention Rate responsibility for a team of Customer Renewals Managers. Be an influential player/coach. Achieve or exceed monthly/quarterly/annual renewal targets and provide an accurate individual and team forecast and risk analysis. Accurately maintain a rolling 90 day forecast of renewals for your team. Tight management and oversight of team’s pipeline in CRM system. Team management: Recruiting, hiring, training, daily management, KPI and Metrics reviews. Develop and execute win/win negotiation strategies for contract renewals that maximize contract value while protecting and enhancing the customer relationship. Answer customer questions and successfully negotiate issues related to renewal contracts. Teach the team to do the same. Identify, help develop and educate renewal best practices and processes across the team. Work with and build strong relationships cross-departmentally with internal Tableau Teams to develop comprehensive 'win' strategies for renewals. Closely monitor At Risk accounts and ensure renewal and/or proper handling. Serve as point of escalation for critical customer issues. Work with sales and support to resolve issues and help remove barriers for the team. Provide weekly summary of the ‘Health Check' feedback and cancellation analysis. Maximize account growth opportunities by playing an active role on the account team and helping to identify upsell/cross-sell opportunities. Identify customer requirements, uncover roadblocks, and demonstrate strong account management capabilities to drive renewal to on-time closure. Provide Director with complete visibility to renewals and solicit involvement as required. Communicate risk clearly and take the lead in developing resolution strategies Operational efficiency and process development for highly transactional inside sales team Accelerate the ramp time of new hires by providing sales, software and process training Develop the individuals on the team through call-shadowing with immediate feedback, as well as ongoing 1:1 coaching Who you are … Experienced: You have 2+ years experience in a similar role, the ability to work with senior level executives and possess solid presentation skills. Positive Communicator: Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Problem Solver: Ability to identify business problems and propose effective resolution. Strong Manager: Great recruiter, motivator, mentor and coach. Considerable interpersonal skills are mandatory, including the ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with others. Evangelism and Commitment: You have an unshakable belief that Tableau’s products will improve the world – one person at a time. Once you get it, you go all the way. Go-Getter: Willing to go the extra mile with a strong work ethic; self-directed and resourceful. Energy and Creativity: High Energy and enthusiasm are your hallmarks. You think out of the box and wow people with your interesting angles and quality work. You love the creative process – whether it’s taking care of a customer or recruiting a great salesperson. Passion for Great Work: Nothing less than your best will do. Organized: Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously. Analytical: Strong analytical skills with the ability to oversee and manage salesforce.com renewal forecast, helping the team manage all renewal opportunities appropriately within Salesforce.com. You are a Recruiter! Tableau hires company builders and, in this role, you will be asked to be on the constant lookout for the best talent to bring onboard to help us continue to build one of the best companies in the world! Desired Skills: Demonstrated track record of developing a team. You must have working knowledge in Maintenance Renewals sales account management experience along with people management experience. Proven track record of target over-achievement. Possess solid negotiation skills that allow for value-based contract negotiations at the CXO level. Experience negotiating and managing complex renewal contract situations. Strong understanding of the Business Analytics marketplace Strong customer management skills Tableau Software is a company on a mission. We help people see and understand their data. After a highly successful IPO in 2013, Tableau has become a market-defining company in the business intelligence industry. Our culture is casual and high-energy. We are passionate about our product and our mission and we are loyal to each other and our company. We value work/life balance, efficiency, simplicity, freakishly friendly customer service, and making a difference in the world! Tableau Software is an Equal Opportunity Employer.