Benjamin Franklin (18052), United States of America, Wilmington, Delaware At Capital One, we’re building a leading information-based technology company. Still founder-led by Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Richard Fairbank, Capital One is on a mission to help our customers succeed by bringing ingenuity, simplicity, and humanity to banking. We measure our efforts by the success our customers enjoy and the advocacy they exhibit. We are succeeding because they are succeeding. Guided by our shared values, we thrive in an environment where collaboration and openness are valued. We believe that innovation is powered by perspective and that teamwork and respect for each other lead to superior results. We elevate each other and obsess about doing the right thing. Our associates serve with humility and a deep respect for their responsibility in helping our customers achieve their goals and realize their dreams. Together, we are on a quest to change banking for good. Applied Solutions Architect - Cloud/Distributed Architecture You believe that code speaks louder than PowerPoint, and that the best solutions are arrived at by engineers working collaboratively on a problem rather than by mandate. You look forward to finding that obscure race condition in code review. You have multiple solutions for no-downtime deployment of distributed customer facing systems, and can list pros and cons of each. You’d rather re-use a good solution than re-invent the wheel. You are open minded to different technical solutions, but forceful in questioning their merit. You get equally excited about a product feature that will make customers’ lives better, and about the latest Docker release. You want to jump in and contribute code whenever possible. As an Applied Solutions Architect at Capital One, you will be facilitating engineering guilds; reviewing, sharing, and enhancing reference implementations; providing feedback on application designs; providing input on company-wide initiatives; embedding in engineering teams to jump start complex projects; and helping raise the talent bar by recruiting and hiring top engineering talent. You will also work with product owners to articulate benefits of proposed solutions; influence technical roadmap of enterprise platforms; and help business prioritize work. If this sounds exciting, the Applied Solutions Architect role could be for you! The person we’re looking for: Is passionate about hands-on coding, testing, releasing, monitoring, and supporting working software in production Has depth and breadth of knowledge across multiple software engineering disciplines Is self-driven, actively looks for ways to contribute, and knows how to get things done Values data and truth over ego Has a strong sense of engineering craftsmanship, takes pride in the code they write Believes that good software development includes good testing, documentation, and collaboration Has good communication and reasoning skills, including the ability to make a strong case for technology choices Has ability to build consensus and iteratively improve solutions Firmly believes in leading by influence and by adding value Basic Qualifications: At least 4 years of programming language experience At least 2 years experience designing software systems At least 2 years experience leading engineers At least 1 year of experience developing and deploying applications on public cloud At least 1 year of experience with microservices and REST APIs Preferred Qualifications: 5+ years of experience in agile development and methodologies. 4+ years of experience in Java, Clojure, Scala, Node, Python, Ruby, Go or a combination 2+ years of experience building consumer-facing web and mobile software solutions at scale 1+ years of experience with rapid prototyping and interface design testing 2+ years of experience recruiting top software engineering talent. Contributions to open source projects Experience presenting at conferences and meetups Capital One will consider sponsoring a new qualified applicant for employment authorization for this position.