“I fundamentally believe that if you are not learning new things, you stop doing great and useful things” – Satya Nadella, Microsoft CEO The Microsoft Learning Strategy and Insights team within the Worldwide Learning group is composed of insatiably curious, self-directed, motivated, results driven people. We are passionate about supporting Microsoft employees, customers and channel partners with the training and development required for them to fulfill their professional and personal potential. We are seeking Data Scientists with similar mindsets who are driven by curiosity, take risks, and have a passion for problem solving. The Learning and Insights team’s charter includes: Shaping and influencing the learning strategy for Microsoft. Bringing together deep contextual understanding with data to understand and improve impact. Using analytical methods to derive insights about learning impact Managing and influencing a cycle of communications and stakeholder engagements. Communicating key metrics to support business objectives. Responsibilities Understand the business problem and assess potential methodologies to provide insights. Design, prototype, implement and test descriptive and predictive analytics models. Collaborate and effectively communicate with stakeholders to gain alignment on requirements, deliverables and process. Work with data engineers to architect and develop operational models. Contribute your modeling expertise as a team player with technical and non-technical audiences. Presenting data derived insights to business stakeholders and executives Qualifications Bachelor’s degree or higher in Statistics/Math/Computer Science/Data Science or related field. (Masters or Certificate in Data Science or Analytics preferred) Experience with machine learning, deep learning, anomaly detection, predictive analysis, text analysis, exploratory data analysis, applying statistics and other areas of data science are also valued 2+ years of work experience in SQL, R, Python to implement statistical models, machine learning, and analysis (Prediction, Classification, Clustering, time series forecasting, regression models, etc.) 2+ years of experience with Excel, SAS, MATLAB, or AMPL 2+ years of experience in at least one scripting/languages, (e.g. C, Java, Python, PowerShell, or Perl) Strong interpersonal and communication skills a must Preferred: Experience: Using large data system (e.g. SQL, Hadoop, or Spark) and data visualization Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.