Join Our Team: Do Meaningful Work and Improve People’s Lives Our purpose, to improve customers’ lives by making healthcare work better, is far from ordinary. And so are our employees. Working at Premera means you have the opportunity to drive real change by transforming healthcare. To better serve our customers, we’re creating a culture that promotes employee growth, collaborative innovation, and inspired leadership. We are committed to creating an environment where employees can do their best work and where best- in-class talent comes, stays, and thrives! As a Data Analyst (Info Analyst I) for our Healthcare Information and Analysis team , your work will supply the data that will drive business decisions for every area in the organization. The work is constantly evolving. This is an entry level position with great growth opportunity in to Premera that will enable you to work with programming languages, cultivate reporting skills and leverage them across other departments. While learning the different businesses, you will meet with people to gather business requirements to meet their reporting needs. Your involvement in the analysis of data will allow you to see what is going on and to help positively impact and resolve business problems. What you’ll do: Learn SQL, extract and manipulate data, and develop reports for all areas of the company Work with a cross-functional team to achieve corporate objectives Analyze data and resolve business problems, assess alternatives as appropriate, and implement solutions Identify, research and determine root causes for errors/anomalies in data sets Recommend process improvements to operational databases, data quality, and productivity Perform peer reviews of others’ work for quality assurance Maintain high standards by being responsible and discreet with sensitive data What you’ll bring: Bachelor's degree in Mathematics, Computer Science, Management Information Systems, Business, or a related field or four (4) years’ of equivalent work experience Experience with SQL or a reporting/query programming language would be a plus Interest in and knowledge of the health care industry Ability to: Creatively solve problems using data and good judgment Anticipate and respond to customer needs by predicting underlying needs and providing appropriate solutions Model a clear communication style that is appropriate and effective for the audience Expect and embrace a continuously changing healthcare and technological environment Look for inefficiencies and create solutions Act with urgency and consistently meet deadlines Demonstrate ownership and be accountable; take pride in driving quality work to completion Keep a positive attitude when faced with obstacles What we offer: Industry competitive salaries Medical, vision and dental options Life and disability insurance Retirement programs (Yes! This includes a pension!) Workplace wellness programs Time off to reenergize Free parking And MORE! LI-HW1