Job Ad THE ROLE : You’re a data and/or finance aficionado who loves tackling intricate problems. You love telling stories with numbers. You’re passionate about making the business more efficient and successful. If this describes you, then look no further! We are seeking a Financial Analyst to play a key support role in financial planning and decision support for G&A department leadership, finance, and executive management. The ideal candidate for this role will enjoy working in a fast-paced environment on multiple complex and critical projects and tasks. THE TEAM : The finance team is a passionate group of people that play an instrumental role in driving key business decisions. THE WORK : Financial & operational reporting – Prepare, analyze and summarize various weekly monthly and periodic reporting and analysis for use by operations, multi-unit and concept leadership, executive management and Board of Directors. Financial analysis – Prepare analyses that identify, evaluate and communicate business results, trends and outlooks. Leverage tools and systems to quickly access data and provide meaningful, concise information. Support the preparation of analysis, commentary and presentation materials for monthly business review meetings including both financial results and business initiatives. Business analysis \- Utilize business analytics to provide value-added insights for concept and finance leadership, data mining techniques to perform various business modeling and analysis. Project support and ad hoc requests – Support development and preparation of ad hoc financial and business analytics on numerous revenue and expense areas, return on investment analyses and other projects as assigned. Planning process – Support the compilation of concept-level annual plan and prepare analysis of actual results compared to budget, forecast and prior year. Highlight and understand major forecast assumptions and their effects on company/concept outlook. Perform sensitivity analyses to assess reasonable range of outcomes. Process improvement – Continuously develop tools/systems and automate processes. Evaluate current processes, identify best practices, develop plans to reach goals and implement improvements. Financial modeling – Support preparation of financial models with an integrated set of financial statements, assumptions and metrics. Analyze past results and future outcomes in conjunction with market analyses to develop recommendations for changes in model assumptions. Perform sensitivity analyses to assess reasonable range of outcomes. Job Description THE SKILLS : Required : Bachelor’s degree in Finance, Accounting, Economics, or related finance field 1-3 years experience in FP&A, finance, or a related area preferred Aptitude for learning a variety of financial systems and database applications such as Excel, Access, SQL, PowerPoint, data warehousing, data mining, business intelligence, and other financial systems Ability to analyze key operational and financial trends across the business. Exhibit flexibility and willingness to take on new responsibilities and assignments as they are identified and to assist with various ad hoc projects as needed. Prefer : Experience with MicroStrategy and/or Adaptive Insights