Mesa,Arizona,United States GBA3P1 The Boeing Company is seeking a Maintenance Engineer (Entry-Level) in Mesa, AZ. This position is primarily supporting AH-64 and AH-6 platforms. POSITION RESPONSIBILITIES: Analyzes basic engineering designs and design changes to determine maintenance/repair requirements, procedures and instructions. Develops fault isolation procedures and techniques. Creates systems theory descriptions to ensure common understanding of systems and components. Develops technical solutions for customers. Develops procedures and techniques to allow users to maintain and repair products. Travels for work 10% of the time. Relocation Assistance available, based on Eligibility. Boeing is the world's largest aerospace company and leading manufacturer of commercial airplanes and defense, space and security systems. We are engineers and technicians. Skilled scientists and thinkers. Bold innovators and dreamers. Join us, and you can build something better for yourself, for our customers and for the world. This position requires the ability to obtain a U.S. Security Clearance for which the U.S. Government requires U.S. Citizenship. Basic Qualifications (Required Skills & Experience): Posess a Bachelor's, Master's or Doctorate of Science degree from an accredited course of study, in engineering, computer science, mathematics, physics or chemistry. Familiarization working with and/or interpreting engineering data or engineering drawings. Preferred Qualifications (Desired Skills & Experience): Engineering degree ABET accredited; is the preferred, although not required, accreditation standard. Proficient in all Microsoft Office suite applications Experience troubleshooting and fixing problems with any type of electrical/electronic equipment Typical Education/ Experience: Bachelor, Master or Doctorate of Science degree from an accredited course of study, in engineering, computer science, mathematics, physics or chemistry. ABET is the preferred, although not required, accreditation standard. Yes, 10 % of the Time Engineering Mods & Maintenance Individual Contributor No No Standard United States; The Boeing Company