Job Information Job Summary: Assists and greets all visitors entering the Office of International Affairs suite while providing exemplary customer service. Provides immigration support to both the Student Services and Employee Services Teams. Provides general clerical support in a fast paced office. Responsibilities: 50% -General Clerical Support: Provide general clerical support for all front desk operations, including but not limited to scanning, photocopying, faxing, filing, preparing mailing labels, and organizing reception area. Ensure all inquiries are answered and/or routed appropriately in a timely manner. Distribute incoming mail and send outgoing mail as instructed. 45% - Immigration Support: Greet and assist visitors, including but not limited to international students, postdoctoral researchers, staff, faculty, visiting scholars, government representatives, and University staff who visit, call or send e-mail to the office. Assist those seeking the services of the office in finding on-line information, including immigration forms, and provide standard information on forms needed for certain processes. Scan/copy/forward immigration-related documents and/or enter them into database systems, following standard office procedures; assist new and transfer students, scholars, and employees with electronic check-in; upload check-in documents through accurate data entry and notify responsible adviser of visitor check-in; scan visitors' immigration and supporting documents and upload documents to immigration database. Provide travel signatures for students and scholars; manage immigration document pick-up drawer and provide documents for pick-up to students, staff, faculty, postdoctoral researchers, and administrators. Reprint immigration forms as needed for students and scholars. Provide support letters requested by students and scholars, including letters confirming full-time enrollment and travel letters. Conduct mail and e-mail communication with students, scholars and academic and administrative offices, such as confirmation that an immigration-related request has been received or documents are ready for pick up. Manage OIA's general email account and redirect email to appropriate OIA staff. 5% - Other duties as assigned. Competencies: Ability to interact with individuals from many different countries and with a wide range of foreign accents required. Aptitude for using electronic systems and programs required. Strong interpersonal and organizational skills, ability to multi-task, self-motivated energetic approach to work, and customer-friendly attitude required. Great attention to detail required. Manage interpersonal relationships and interact/communicate with clarity, tact and courtesy with patrons, students, staff, faculty and others. Communicate effectively in English both orally and in writing; identify priorities, recognize and resolve or refer problem. Work effectively with supervision and as a part of a team. Ability to use/learn to use a range of position-related software applications. Respect for and sensitivity to people from diverse cultures and ethnicities and with a wide range of accents required. Sensitivity to people from diverse races, ethnicities and cultures and with different accents required. Additional Requirements Education, Experience or Certifications: Education: High school diploma required. Associate's or Bachelor's degree preferred. Experience: A minimum of two years of professional office experience required. U.S. citizenship or permanent resident status required by federal regulations. Prior experience in a customer service setting required. Prior experience serving an international clientele preferred. Prior experience working in higher education preferred. Prior experience working at the university of Chicago preferred. Technical Knowledge: Proficient with Microsoft Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, and Word and Internet applications required. Ability to learn and apply the basics of immigration processing (at a level appropriate for this position) required. Experience with database software preferred. Physical Requirements: Ability to bend, crouch, or stoop Ability to carry or lifts loads of up to 25 lbs. Ability to feel, including perceiving size, shape, temperature, or texture Ability to hear, including making fine discriminations in sound Ability to sit for 4 hours or more Ability to use computers extensively for 4 hours or more Ability to make repetitive wrist, hand, or finger movements Ability to climb stairs up to 2 stories Ability to push/pull objects of up to 25 lbs. Ability to stand for up to 2 hours Ability to travel to various off-campus locations Effective audio-visual discrimination and perception Ability to Use Standard Office Equipment Required Documents: Resume List of three references or more NOTE: When applying, all required documents MUST be uploaded under the Resume/CV section of the application Benefit Eligibility Yes Pay Frequency Hourly Pay Range Depends on Qualifications Scheduled Weekly Hours 37.5 Union Non-Union Job is Exempt? No Drug Test Required? No Does this position require incumbent to operate a vehicle on the job? No Health Screen Required? No Posting Date 2018-08-03-07:00 Remove from Posting On or Before 2019-02-03-08:00