Laserfiche solutions help organizations transform and modernize. Today’s machine learning algorithms play a pivotal role in improving how we solve complex real-life scenarios. Laserfiche is looking for a passionate and highly experienced machine learning expert to help build a machine learning team. Your extensive experience in machine learning, statistical modeling, and natural language processing knowledge will play a key role in spearheading the development of shared components which will be used our global multi-product platform. You will be responsible for building a team and growing a set of engineers to support this mission. You will actively participate in all phases of the software development lifecycle: analysis, technical design, planning development, testing, release and production support. Your team will interact with, provide guidance and develop components for several product teams who are integrating machine learning into their products. As the experienced machine learning engineer you will be provided with challenging opportunities in a diverse, dynamic and energetic team environment while liaising with various businesses. Responsibilities Include: Ability to direct the change and enhancement in our current machine learning system and infrastructure Develop scalable and generalized solutions that could be applied to specific and/or other problems Comfortable to provide technical guidance to the new machine learning engineering team Stay on top of the latest advancements in machine learning and software development trends Ability to build end to end scalable machine learning systems Understand the differences between machine learning engineers, data scientists, research scientists/applied research scientists, distributed systems engineer What You'll Need: 7-10+ years of machine learning experience MS or Ph.D. in CS, Statistics or relevant field Proficiency in multiple programming languages (C/C++, C/.NET, Python, JavaScript) and willing to learn new languages (as needed) Strong quantitative skills to apply complex statistical methods Extensive awareness of natural language processing techniques and ability to effectively apply them Click here to learn more about Life at Laserfiche . Laserfiche complies with all Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action regulations. Laserfiche makes all employment decisions – such as recruiting, hiring, training, promotion, compensation, professional development practices, discipline and termination – without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, sex, pregnancy, age, creed, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic characteristic, marital status, veteran status, gender identity/expression, sexual orientation or any other characteristic protected by law, except as may be permitted by law.