The Learning House, Inc. helps people improve their lives through education. As an Academic Program Manager, we offer a full suite of education services, including: Online Program Management (OPM), Corporate Solutions, The Software Guild, Learning House International, and Advancement Courses. Built on a foundation of data-driven decision-making, thorough market research, and robust technology services, Learning House is focused on delivering high- quality, relevant just-in-time education services to meet the needs of a dynamic, global market. Through its partnerships, Learning House helps universities acquire more students, produce more graduates, and deliver better outcomes and helps companies attract, develop, and retain a happier, more skilled workforce. General Purpose: Advancement Courses' mission is to keep transformative K-12 education professionals eagerly in our schools. We do this by listening to, and amplifying, our learners' motivations, perspectives, and voices. We help our learners to accelerate growth from achieving day-to-day victories, to helping them focus on conquering the year, to helping them focus on conquering their own personal mission for the dent they aspire to leave on the K-12 system. Advancement Courses supports this long-term growth by focusing our influence towards the root challenges that educators identify as core, redirecting "flavor of the month" trends towards systemic long-term improvement that they define as worthwhile. Educators are heroes who work in concert with many others to improve students' lives through education. We encourage and support meaningful and productive communities that can work together to solve the root issues impacting student outcomes. Role Qualifications: Master's degree in education or education-related field preferred Minimum of 5 years of leadership experience, preferably in education Experience in K-12 industry Position Responsibilities: Management of team: Proactively supports the individual and team development Generate a professional development plan to implement K-12 specific inside sales strategies Share expertise, convention, and information about ways to connect with our target teacher customer base through a call center Translate call center metrics and feedback into actionable "voice of the customer" recommendations and datasets Develop innovative ways to improve and promote professional development courses, and guide teachers through the purchase and approval processes Contribute to root-cause analysis of important issues around customer inquiries Analyze trends in customer contacts and implement proactive solutions for frequent issues Deliver rapid and measurable improvement in service levels to teachers and internal customers Essential Skills and Experience: Deep knowledge of K-12 education, experience supporting teachers Experience leading inside sales teams Excellent communication skills - verbal and written Able to lead in a changing environment Works with a good degree of autonomy Issue Resolution Management - A proven troubleshooter, with the ability to deal effectively on any given problem, identifying possible solutions Social Media awareness Understanding of the product development cycle Experience of managing people and working at a Senior level across the business Understanding of systems, process development and systems integration Physical Requirements and Work Environment: The physical demands and work environment characteristics described here represent those that the employee must meet to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable an individual with a disability to perform the essential functions: _Physical Demands:_ While performing the duties of the job, the employee is occasionally required to sit and stand. _Work Environment:_ This job is performed in a general office environment with standard office equipment available. Work is generally sedentary in nature, but may require standing and walking. The working environment is generally favorable. Lighting and temperature are adequate, and there are no hazardous or unpleasant conditions caused by noise, dust, etc.