What sets Bank of the West apart from other banks is our team members–they embody the optimistic spirit of the West. There is a spirit here that drives us to do more. Our team of more than 10,000 employees is vital to the success of our Bank. They reflect our modern western values—straightforward, entrepreneurial and optimistic. We seek to create a corporate culture that fosters and rewards excellence, encourages creative thinking and respects diversity – an environment where team members are engaged, supportive of one another and enthusiastic about serving our customers. Bank of the West offers the stability of a company that has a 135 year history and is part of BNP Paribas, a European leader in global banking and financial services and one of the 6 strongest banks in the world. We offer opportunities across our diverse business lines – Retail Banking, Commercial Banking, National Finance, and Wealth Management. Data Analytics Analyst Job Description Summary Responsible for coordinating, developing, and managing business line reports presented to Senior Management and Board level Committees; controlling workflow activities and deadlines; and maintaining, organizing, and gathering information. The Data Analytics Analyst collaborates with management and business partners to identify key messages and objectives of the report, coordinates with subject manager experts to develop report contents, manages the review cycles, and supports Senior Reporting Analysts to ensure timely submission of the Committee Reports to Committee Coordinators. Essential Job Functions 1\. Creates, distributes, and manages various Senior Management and Board level reports with multiple or various function focus. Executes procedures to ensure all reports and supporting documents are completed accurately and within required timeframes. 2\. Plans and maintains the schedule and workflow for multiple reports and administrative tasks. Works directly with subject matter experts to produce, contribute, review, or approve the results. 3\. Ability to facilitate, coordinate and elicit reporting requirements from multiple stakeholders. 4\. Partners with subject matter experts to extract, filter, and aggregate data using logical queries and basic programming. Constructs data metrics, statistics, and analyses. Provide trend analysis through the data analysis. Conducts the layout of information/data, including use of infographics. Formats reports and presentation materials into established templates and style guides. 5\. Conducts maintenance of databases and spreadsheets through data entry and file uploads, and performs verifications for completeness and accuracy. Maintains data files, archives, and documents library as well as manages the version control, updates, and approvals of key documents (e.g., policies, procedures, and audit plans). 6\. Supports enhancements to functionality of spreadsheets and databases, including use of forms, templates, and logic functions (e.g., risk assessment tools). 7\. Manages projects and/or small teams to support new initiatives or other automation efforts. 8\. Knowledge and working experience of SQL, MS Access, Hyperion & Essbase, Tableau a plus. Bachelor’s Degree Required Requires advanced knowledge of job area typically obtained through advanced education combined with experience. May have practical knowledge of project management. Requires 5 years minimum prior relevant experience. Good management and control of work flows to produce deliverables within required timeframes and quality standards. Fair knowledge of project management and Microsoft Office tools. Understanding of style guides and editorial process. Strong verbal and written communication skills. Good inter-personal and partnering skills to facilitate effective working relationships. Basic understanding of financial industry, risk management, and/or corporate security. Ability to problem solve and swiftly escalate issues to senior staff when needed. Keen eye for design and understanding of layout flows and infographics. Ability to adjust to rapidly changing security environment and prioritize deliverables. Ability to condense information and transform technical data into easily understandable concepts. Strong leadership, and keen focus on details skills. Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Bank of the West is an Equal Opportunity employer and proud to provide equal employment opportunity to all job seekers without regard to any status protected by applicable law. Bank of the West is also an Affirmative Action employer - Minority / Female / Disabled / Veteran. Bank of the West will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance subject to the requirements of all state and federal laws and regulations.