Join a team recognized for leadership, innovation and diversity The Advanced Technology group at Honeywell Aerospace has an exciting opportunity for a Software Engineer for developing advanced prototypes of future flight deck applications. The position includes development of prototype human-machine interaction software, and further development of TRACS (Tool for Rapid Advanced Cockpit Simulation), which is a PC-based aircraft simulation and prototyping environment. The successful candidate will work closely with engineers from our Human Centered Systems and Flight Test organizations to develop and validate advanced cockpit technologies for improving overall operational efficiency, situational awareness, and flight safety. You will be given the opportunity to take your proven experience and… Design and develop software for flight deck applications in a rapid prototyping environment using primarily Windows-based tools and various programming languages. The applications will focus on human-machine interface including graphical displays, touch, speech, gesture and physical controls. Develop software prototypes targeted to platforms such IOS, android, avionics platforms, and integrate new hardware as needed. Work collaboratively with flight test pilots and human factors engineers to create, enhance, evaluate, and iterate on new concepts to mature them to product readiness. Develop software to maintain and improve our rapid prototyping environment and flight deck simulation environment including our interface with FSX, ESP and Prepar3D. Develop data collection and analysis software to support human factors testing (pilot interactions) for internal and external research projects. Derive implied requirements from pilots and Human Factors engineers and efficiently translate those into prototypes Integrate various HMI Software prototype components to demonstrate larger flight applications and conduct evaluations. Bring originality and creative ideas to HMI and software development. 25 Develop data collection and analysis software to support human factors testing 25 Develop software prototypes targeted to platforms such IOS, android and avionics platforms 25 Work with flight test pilots and human factors engineers to create new concepts 25 Develop data collection and analysis software to support human factors testing YOU MUST HAVE Bachelor’s Degree WE VALUE Strong experience in UI, AI, machine learning, virtual/augmented reality, computer vision, simulation, and/or gaming Experience with HMI development is strongly preferred. C, C++, C programming experience strongly preferred Experience with OpenGL strongly preferred Windows-based applications development experience preferred Interest/experience in Aviation, Avionics, and/or a pilot’s license a plus Ability to integrate new technologies in areas such as artificial intelligence, machine learning, data analytics a plus Experience in a research environment is a plus. Experience with Git a plus Experience with Windows 10, Linux, or other OS a plus Experience with JavaScript, XML, PHP, CSS, and Perl a plus Networking experience a plus Experience with advanced software tools a plus Experience with game programming a plus Experience with iOS and Android operating systems a plus Due to US export control laws, must be a US citizen, permanent resident or have protected status. Exempt How Honeywell is Connecting the World INCLUDES Continued Professional Development ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Job ID: HRD35272 Category: Engineering Location: 21111 N. 19th Ave (Deer Valley), Phoenix, AZ 85027 USA Honeywell is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will be considered without regard to age, race, creed, color, national origin, ancestry, marital status, affectional or sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, nationality, sex, or veteran status. INDSOFTWARE