The mission of the Cloud Advocacy team is to win the hearts and minds of the IT community to secure the future of the Azure platform. The Cloud Advocacy team is first and foremost pivoted on enabling IT leaders and administrator to build the skills necessary for IT to work at a cloud cadence and refocus their IT organizations on application & service delivery. Cloud Advocacy team is rooted in engineering, technical credibility, world-class content, and local community engagements through online, meetups, user groups, and events. We are looking for Cloud Advocates who will be based in-region in Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Japan, the United Kingdom, and San Francisco and New York in the United States. As a Cloud Advocate, you’ll be instrumental in building a large and vibrant community for Azure. You’ll build and nurture great relationships with your local IT community, create amazing content & demos, and help IT administrators grow their skills, careers, and businesses. Responsibilities Content: Create relevant, reusable, scalable content hosted on docs.microsoft.com, and continually improve based on customer feedback. Online & Social: Focus on breadth engagements via blog, Twitter, FB, LinkedIn, SlideShare, etc. Reach the IT community online using relevant technical content, social channels, and online forums. Community: Champion relevant Azure products and services in your local meetups and user groups. Build relationships with key friendly and non-friendly local influencers. Scale advocacy efforts by finding and enabling local champions. Events: Participate and speak in relevant 1st and 3rd party local events. Scale your efforts by partnering with the MS field and programs like MS MVPs, Linux Community Champions, etc. Adoption: Execute local activities that drive Azure readiness, evaluation, and usage. Use data, experiments, and customer feedback to drive Azure adoption. Collect and prioritize product feedback and technical blockers with engineering. Best Practices: Drive the creation of best practices in relevant solution areas (i.e. IoT, CI/CD) and document patterns and practices for the IT community. Qualifications 5+ years of experience in the IT infrastructure space. Cloud/DevOps/SRE experience preferred. Solid communication skills with the ability to be both a strong technical writer and a dynamic public speaker. Passion for helping IT leaders & administrators connect people and communities through the cloud. A self-starter that can manage and prioritize initiatives that will make the IT community and our platform successful. Travel may be required depending on where local and national developer events are held. Previous experience as a IT advocate, IT evangelist, or external IT-focused role. Proven experience working with 3rd party communities, social media and blogging required. Location/Role Reg ITA New York x San Francisco x London x Berlin x Munich x Paris x Tokyo x Sydney x Toronto x Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. apexawesomejobs apexawesomejobsCDA