Overview Cures Start Here. At Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center, home to three Nobel laureates, interdisciplinary teams of world-renowned scientists seek new and innovative ways to prevent, diagnose and treat cancer, HIV/AIDS and other life-threatening diseases. Fred Hutch’s pioneering work in bone marrow transplantation led to the development of immunotherapy, which harnesses the power of the immune system to treat cancer. An independent, nonprofit research institute based in Seattle, Fred Hutch houses the nation’s first cancer prevention research program, as well as the clinical coordinating center of the Women’s Health Initiative and the international headquarters of the HIV Vaccine Trials Network. Careers Start Here. The Statistical Center for HIV/AIDS Research and Prevention (SCHARP) is an organization within Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center that operates in clinical trials. Our vision is to improve global health and eliminate suffering and mortality caused by HIV/AIDS and other diseases. We are looking for a Software Developer with professional experience to add to our development team. Responsibilities Implement and maintain systems within a validated software development lifecycle Participate in agile requirements gathering, design and tasking Provide operational support for existing systems Working on a project team with customers, business analysts, project management and testers Working on a development team creating and following standards that help with cross training and reducing system maintenance tails Qualifications Minimum: 3-6 years professional experience in software development Expertise with modern OOP programming paradigms / languages Experience with relational data modeling: conceptual and physical Defining and writing automated unit and functional tests Detail oriented including the following: Ability to understand a system of complex interactions Capable of deep troubleshooting and discovering root causes of problems Writes unit tests with the same care as product code Has well-commented code Preferred: Java full stack web application development experience, both front-end and back-end Agile development UNIX systems PostgreSQL Javascript, Selenium Play Framework Microservice architecture Docker, Kubernetes, AWS Functional programming Working in a regulated environment such as 21 CRF Part 11, Sarbanes-Oxley or HIPPA Culture: Work in an organization that strives to make the world a better place. Work with developers who enjoy crafting quality code and robust performance systems. Work in vibrant South Lake Union Seattle. Strong commitment from management to a 40 hour work week. Benefits include paid vacation, holidays, sick time, medical, dental and vision benefits as well as 403 (b) retirement plan. Our Commitment to Diversity We are committed to cultivating a workplace in which diverse perspectives and experiences are welcomed and respected. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity and VEVRAA Employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, ancestry, national origin, sex, age, disability, marital or veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, political ideology, or membership in any other legally protected class. We are an Affirmative Action employer. We encourage individuals with diverse backgrounds to apply and desire priority referrals of protected veterans. If due to a disability you need assistance/and or a reasonable accommodation during the application or recruiting process, please send a request to our Employee Services Center at escmail@fredhutch.org or by calling 206-667-4700.