This role contributes to REI’s success by providing support for Marketing Planning, Strategy and Integrated Marketing by providing reporting, analysis and actionable insights to enable REI to achieve its brand and business objectives. Working with Marketing Analytics managers and leadership, this position is responsible for identifying and delivering insights and recommendations through reporting on marketing programs and campaigns. As a member of the marketing analytics team, this position will be responsible for conducting specific analytics related to customer purchasing, lifecycle, and engagement behavior and contributing to an environment of fact-based decision making, utilizing REI’s extensive supply of customer, campaign, site, and marketing channel data to help drive the bottom line success of REI as a co- op. Overall duties & responsibilities include (but not limited to): Provide accurate and timely reporting of campaign performance to workgroup and cross-divisional teams. Perform analytics related to customer purchasing, engagement, and lifecycle behavior as needed. Partner with internal stakeholders to ensure accurate reporting of marketing programs & campaigns, including creation of detailed technical specifications containing relevant information such as versioning, testing, and back-end instructions. Partner with Senior Statistical Analyst on the front and back end of the promotional processes to make fact based decisions on marketing programs to increase profitability, retention, and engagement. Work closely with Senior Statistical Analyst to give input on personalized marketing model development and improving model performance. Act as subject matter expert on REI’s data warehouse. Perform system and data testing as necessary. Identify strategic opportunities to maximize returns in pursuit of REI’s financial and brand goals Utilize SQL, Tableau and R and other enterprise tools to execute customer segmentation strategies aimed at increasing customer acquisition, retention, and reactivation as well as report and analyze campaign performance Provide analytics support for forecasting business trends and guidance on risks to plans Bring your passion and expertise BS/BBA or MS/MBA in Analytics, Marketing, Statistics, or equivalent work experience 2-3 years experience in a CRM or analytics environment. Experience in retail, ecommerce, or direct mail is a plus Strong mathematical / analytical proficiency Passionate about data and discovering new trends and insights across customers, merchandise, and customer engagement Deep SQL experience and strong ability to comprehend data-warehouse structure, Netezza experience is a plus Experience & familiarity with the R statistical software package and using statistical methodologies to perform exploratory analysis and explain data trends. Familiarity with econometrics and other advanced statistical concepts, including application of regression-based modeling, is a plus Report development and Business Intelligence application experience Self-disciplined and motivated in a marketing environment that requires creativity and strong attention to detail Able to prioritize and work multiple concurrent requests from different business teams Excellent communication skills and ability to quickly and effectively communicate complex quantitative results to internal stakeholders Tableau desktop experience is highly desired Why you'll love it here The REI Co-op is a specialty outdoor retailer, headquartered near Seattle. The nation’s largest consumer co-op, REI is a growing community of more than 17 million members who expect and love the best quality gear, inspiring expert classes and trips, and outstanding customer service. Since its founding in 1938, REI has worked to awaken a lifelong love for the outdoors, for all, through sustainable growth and reinvestment into the communities it serves. In 2017, nearly 70 percent of its profits went right back to the outdoor community, supporting employee retirement, helping fund trail work, returning dividends to its members and supporting nonprofits that get people into the outdoors.