Position Summary: The Business Intelligence / Data Warehouse Architect will be responsible for the planning, design, management and support of company-wide Business Intelligence (BI) / Data Warehouse (DW) initiatives. These responsibilities include: a business intelligence tool/system implementation, planning and execution of projects and enhancements (lifecycle), and the management of day- to-day production system operations. The function of the BI/DW Architect is to understand needs, drive requirements, propose solutions and manage the delivery of multiple cross- functional data, reporting and analytics projects and integrations between different systems. Additionally, the Architect will be required to present a strong understanding of BI/DW architecture concepts, possess hands-on experience with BI tools and technology, and be able to serve as the primary subject matter expert and guide team members. Summary of Duties and Responsibilities: General Serve as the technical expert responsible for the architecture, design and implementation of BI/DW solutions, with complete and accurate information information/ data delivery to business users using maintainable, systematic, and automated procedures. Make recommendations and guidance about data collection methods, master data management concepts, metrics, data definitions, and data evaluation methods, in collaboration with internal and external partners. Evaluate, create and deliver on data needs for assigned projects, ensuing data integrity. Help establish and define data validation, data cleansing, data integration, and transformation practices. Facilitate data/ reporting/ analytics design review sessions, testing cycles, validation and other post-deployment activities. Lead exercises around data architecture standards and documentation Map configurations and complex data architectures, ensuring documentation meets current and forecasted needs. Business Relationship Management Establish close partnerships within the IT department and with the business teams to provide data strategy expertise, ensuing overall data quality within all enterprise systems including interfaces between applications/ systems. Work with the business teams to gather requirements for data and reporting enhancements, change requests and new functionality. Stay abreast of contemporary technology trends/concepts and serve as an SME for the business teams. Coach staff on BI/DW best practices System Maintenance and Support Help to facilitate unit, system, integration and user acceptance test plan development and execution, including the creation of test scenarios/scripts, test data setup and verification/validation of test results. Manage issues and bugs within the system using tracking/ support systems; liaise with internal and external resources to facilitate resolution and closure. Serve as the main point of escalation for issues requiring external/ vendor support. Vendor Management Work with vendor to validate and refine technical specifications against business requirements. Communicate with external vendors and other departments to resolve production issues, upgrades, and software evaluations. Prepare for and participate in vendor relationship activities and stewardship meetings on an ongoing basis. PERFORMS OTHER RELATED DUTIES AND ASSIGNMENTS AS REQUIRED Required Skills Required Experience Education: Bachelor degree in Information Technology / MIS / Computer Science / Data Science, or related work experience. Minimum Qualifications: Minimum 8 years’ of proven experience with business intelligence and data warehousing with increasing responsibilities. Experience serving in fashion/apparel/ retail or related environment preferred. Minimum 6+ years’ practical hands-on experience with two or more of the following areas of BI/DW: reporting, ETL, Data Analysis, Data Modeling/Architecture, Development/Architecture, Information/Data Delivery, BI/DW Quality Assurance, Master Data Management, BI/ DW Solution Architecture, or BI/DW infrastructure. Proven experience with database normalization, data validation, data hygiene, data cleansing, data consolidation, data enrichment, and DaaS. Strong and adaptive interpersonal skills with the ability to operate effectively with multiple distinct business groups and levels within the organization. Excellent problem-solving skills, with the ability to make effective and timely decisions. Experience designing, implementing, growing and supporting business intelligence and data warehouse systems and competencies. Experience leading projects with 10+ resources; including a mix of internal and external. A minimum of 4 years managing business intelligence and data warehouse projects. Proven lifecycle solution development, from requirements gathering through build, test, deploy and support. Ability to write clear specifications and requirements. Must have excellent communication skills, both written and verbal, with a strong inclination to follow-up, communicate through ambiguity, and function with a service orientation. Detail and task oriented with a sense of urgency and the ability to reprioritize as needed with minimal direction. Ability to multitask in a collaborative environment, partnering with individuals from various departments. Strong analytical skills with demonstrated ability to analyze and make recommendations on solutions. Skills Required: Proven project management skills in the area of data integration, ETL, reporting, data warehousing, and business intelligence projects. Experience working with teams comprised of consultants, vendors and full-time employees. Exceptional attention to detail. Exceptional oral and written communication skills, including working with business leaders and presenting to IT leadership and company executives Strong analytic skills pertinent to business intelligence and data warehousing. Experience working with Agile, Waterfall (or related) project methodologies, and the ability to determine when each is best used. Formal training in ITIL, project management, business analysis and or process modeling preferred.