ABOUT ENCORE BOSTON HARBOR Encore Boston Harbor is a luxury global destination gaming resort that will feature 671 hotel rooms with sweeping views of the Boston skyline and Boston Harbor, ultra-premium spa, luxury retail, high-end dining, and state-of-the- art ballroom and meeting spaces. At a total cost of $2.5 billion, it is the largest private single-phase development in the history of the Commonwealth. Situated on the waterfront along the Mystic River and connected to Boston Harbor, Encore Boston Harbor will include a six-acre park along the water that will feature a harborwalk, an events lawn, public viewing areas, ornate floral displays and retail and dining experiences that overlook the Encore Harbor Walk. Encore Boston Harbor is currently under construction with resort opening anticipated June 2019. Once open, Encore Boston Harbor will employ over 4,000 team members. We invite you to apply to be a member of the founding Encore Boston Harbor team. The Encore Boston Harbor IT Business Analyst is responsible for using advanced qualitative and quantitative methods to analyze the effectiveness of the department inclusive of planning, designing, developing, launching and supporting efficient business, financial, and operations systems in support and maintenance of Encore Boston Harbor’s hotel and back of house business systems. The Business Analyst is also responsible for generating and compiling reports based on the findings, complete with probable causes and possible solutions to systems issues. This includes, but is not limited to: maximizing opportunities for departmental and company success; maintaining all Encore Standards; and ensuring excellent guest and team member experience. JOB RESPONSIBILITIES: Ensures all Encore Boston Harbor core values and property and department standards are implemented and applied. Participates in short-and long-term departmental goals, objectives, policies, and operating procedures; monitors and evaluates operational effectiveness; effects changes required for improvement. Identifies key drivers of success. Accountable for the accuracy, confidentiality, and thoroughness of departmental policies and procedures; records and reports. Responsible for internal policies, federal and state laws, rules, regulations and controls are enforced. Ensures department delivers and maintains a maximum level of property-wide service and satisfaction. Provides training opportunities, constructive and positive feedback at all levels. Creates a motivating environment. Keeps informed of all new developments within the department and makes recommendations designed to maximize department and company success. Manages multiple priorities simultaneously and meets deadlines, often in stressful and high-pressure situations. Works with Project Manager on assigned tasks, as required. Works closely with the assigned user community to determine how technology might assist in addressing its needs, and then translates these needs into application requirements. Facilitates application test case development & test execution. Completes testing of basic system functionality prior to turnover to business for testing Responsible for ensuring that system/issue documentation exists and is accurate Deals directly with system providers to maintain systems availability and performance. Gathers and analyzes data in support of business cases, proposed projects, and systems requirements Meet with decision makers, systems owners, and end users to define business, financial, and operations requirements and systems goals, and identify and resolve property-wide systems issues. Lead design sessions in prototyping new systems for the purpose of enhancing property-wide business processes, operations, and information process flow. Review and analyze the effectiveness and efficiency of existing hotel systems and develop strategies for improving or further leveraging these systems. Identify and establish scope and parameters of property-wide system analysis in order to define outcome criteria and measure-taking actions. Collaborate in the planning, design, development, and deployment of new applications, and enhancements to existing applications. Researches software and hardware products to justify recommendations and to support purchasing efforts. Prepares and delivers reports, recommendations, or alternatives that address existing and potential trouble areas in operating systems across the organization. Creates system design proposals. Performs cost-benefit and return on investment analyses for proposed systems to aid management in making implementation decisions. Ensures compatibility and interoperability of in-house computing systems. Creates systems models, specifications, diagrams, and charts to provide direction to system programmers. Coordinates and performs in-depth tests, including end-user reviews, for modified and new systems, and other post-implementation support. Provides orientation and training to end users for all modified and new systems. Works with safety as a priority, and follows department and company safety standards. Maintains relevant knowledge of industry through continuing education and training. Performs any other job-related duties as assigned.