Best Vendors Management Join the exciting world of unattended refreshment and food solutions with Best Vendors, the largest national account management company in the industry. As part of Compass Group, the 6th largest employer in the world, Best Vendors gives you the opportunity to work with Fortune 500 companies, learn from some of the brightest and most experienced minds in the industry, and become part of a diverse team committed to providing the best possible service to our clients and customers each day. We are committed to attracting, retaining and developing top level talent—if you’re up for the challenge, contact us today. We think you’ll feel right at home! Forbes agrees that Best Vendors is a great place to work – Compass Group ranked on Forbes’ 2015 list of Best Employers, and in 2016, Compass Group ranked 33 on Fortune Magazine’s list of global companies changing the world. A fresh approach to great results Are you a self-motivated Accounts Receivable expert? This is a complex position that handles all activities related to managing Client Accounts Receivable. This is not your grandmother’s Accounts Receivable department! This entails utilizing systems driven electronic invoicing, processing payments, emailing regularly with Clients and Vendors, reconciling and resolving open Accounts Receivable to a current balance and following up on collections. More specifically, in this role you’ll be: Processing invoices received electronically Processing manually entered invoices Consolidating vendor invoices to bill Clients Managing Client-specific payment terms Cash application Contacting Clients regarding past due invoices Completing an account analysis for each Client Requirements High volume work experience with accounts receivable/accounts payable. Specific work experience in cash applications with heavy volume of small transactions equaling large payments/dollars; handling complex, small transaction invoicing; and reconciling imbalanced accounts. On-the-job experience with maintaining positive client relationships. Heavy systems experience with software of a complex nature (i.e. proprietary in-house system) is required. A thorough understanding of business and accounting processes and principles. Additionally, qualified candidates must demonstrate a high level of proficiency in Microsoft Excel and Microsoft Word. This position requires the ability to communicate effectively at all levels (writing, speaking and listening), and maintain positive internal and external work relationships. Professional composure in high-pressure, time-sensitive environment. Candidates must possess initiative to identify issues/problems, resolve issues timely, offer solutions, seek out projects and maintain positive internal and external relationships. Preferences ERP system’s experience (i.e. JDE, SAP, Oracle, PeopleSoft), and experience in Business Objects or other report writer software (i.e. Crystal Reports) Education & Experience The candidate must have Bachelors degree, strongly preferred, with 2+ years experience in relevant position; or an Associate’s degree, preferred, with 5 years of related experience; or high school degree with 10 years relevant work experience. _If you find our company intriguing and the position sounds like a great fit … what are you waiting for? Click Apply Now!_ Achieving Leadership Compass Group is an equal opportunity employer. At Compass, we are committed to treating all Applicants and Associates fairly based on their abilities, achievements, and experience without regard to race, national origin, sex, age, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other classification protected by law. Keyword Search: Accounts Receivable, Cash Application, Invoice Processing, AR, Payment Processing, Data Analyst XJ6