At Cisco Meraki, we know that technology can connect us, empower us, and drive us. By simplifying powerful technology, we can free passionate people to focus on their mission. As the fastest growing cloud-managed networking team in the world, our products and technology architecture are changing the face of enterprise networking and making cloud-managed IT a reality. As a Meraki Inside Sales Manager, you will lead a team of Inside Sales Representatives across various geographic territories to achieve our sales and talent development goals within the market. You will be responsible for setting the direction and empowering the success of your Inside Sales team responsible for: new customer acquisition, existing account management, and leveraging our channel partners to accelerate growth. What you will do: Hire, coach, and develop a hungry and passionate team of 8 to 10 Inside Sales Reps to deliver against your sales goals and drive strong internal and external relationships in service of an outstanding customer experience and continued rapid growth. Set the tone for your team through your actions and words: Foster a culture of strong achievement, inclusiveness, collaboration, creativity, and accountability while being a champion for your team’s career development Coach and enable your Inside Sales Reps to grow as sales reps and hold them accountable for results (sales achievement and partner development). Invest in recruiting and growing the best talent, set employees up for a great onboarding experience, and provide candid feedback for continuous development. Build and drive territory strategy and priorities and communicate them clearly with your team. Continuously optimize our sales methodology and share best practices to improve efficiency and focus, enable greater scale, and yield better results. Partner with cross-functional teams to maximize results (channel, field sales, systems engineering, marketing, cisco sales leaders, etc.). Collaborate with Sales Enablement and People Operations to develop and execute individual and group training opportunities, identify development needs, and implement process improvement initiatives. Lead weekly business reviews and forecast activities to achieve sales goals and hold individuals accountable for outcomes. Use metrics and data to continually assess both sales performance and talent performance/retention to fully understand underlying drivers. Who you are: Candid. You communicate broadly and often, providing clear purpose, direction, goals, and measures. Career Champion. You invest in your team’s growth and development. Disagree, Decide, and Commit. You listen to understand different opinions and allow them to influence the direction. Results Driven. You are resilient, optimistic, and passionate about our business results while never compromising customer, partner, and team relationships. Trustworthy. You commit to earning our team’s trust everyday through your actions and transparency. Minimum Qualifications: BA/BS or equivalent practical experience. 2+ years of experience leading a team in B2B sales, operations, or a similar environment with a proven track record of overachieving goals. 4+ years of successful sales/relationship management experience. Demonstrated organizational and project management capabilities with the ability to manage multiple tasks with shifting priorities and varying deadlines. Quarterly travel required. Preferred Qualifications: MBA or master’s degree. A good understanding and interest in networking technology, software, or IT. Proven relationship building skills, tenacity, resilience and interpersonal skills.