The Senior Director of Technical Operations (PMO, Integration, Engineering, Service & Support) is an integral member of the Executive Team and responsible for holding the their team accountable within the PMO, Integration, Engineering & Service. This position will support the Executive Team to create organizational clarity, communication and consistency. This position will be responsible for operating on logic to drive results, force resolution, focus team unity, prioritization and follow-through. Job Duties: Faithfully executes the business plan, achieving or exceeding planned P & L objectives Leads, manages, and holds the PMO, Integration & Engineering teams accountable for achieving agree-upon commitments Integrates all major operating functions of the business. Ensures everyone is rowing together in the same direction. Models the way, always working toward the greater good of the business Resolves issues effectively – seeing real problems, being comfortable with conflict, calling out problems, and solving the problems in a practical and healthy manner. Ensure their leadership team is healthy, functional, and cohesive Ensures that everyone is truly following, and adhering to, the company’s core processes and operating system with consistency. Demonstrates effective project management skills. Dependably demonstrates a relentless obsession with values alignment, focus, simplicity, and clarity. Effectively collaborates with their team and stays on the same page. Maintains a high level of mutual respect with their team. Realizes the unique contributions and ideas that their team provides, and possesses an ability to filter and translate those ideas into functional plans for the company Confirms that all key messages are properly and consistently cascaded across the organization. Inherently ensures that everyone is in the know. Verifies that a high level of effective communication exists throughout their organization. Job Requirements: Up to 20% travel Occasional evening and weekend work Qualifications: Excellent verbal and written communication Extremely detail oriented Process driven Strong multi-tasking and organizational skills Ability to problem solve Ability to effectively prioritize, especially when interfacing with multiple people Ability to work under pressure Self-motivated Ability to meet deadlines Ability to learn new software systems Education/Experience: 7-12 years in an Executive capacity Bachelor degree in business or a related field Demonstrated ability to execute against a business plan Experience setting strategy and communicating direction Dedicated people leader, focused on assessing, developing, and leading middles managers and staff level Experience with P/L Management Demonstrated ability to scale operations and support functions to support sales growth Alpha Video is an Equal Opportunity Employer