SunnyvaleSunnyvale California [CA] United States [US] Fortinet strives to be the global leader in network security with both of our special hardware appliances and sophisticated cloud infrastructure to satisfy the most demanding requirements in guarding our customer’s data, services and communications. The engineering teams here have the best level of exposure to cutting edge computing technologies as well as the flexibility to design and implementing security systems and platforms. Ever wondering how to be a gray hat hacker and distributed system architect in the Cloud and Parallel era? This is a good place to start. At Fortinet, Cloud Applications are used to facilitate the users to configure the appliances as well as monitoring device status and logs at runtime. The back-end side, in the cloud or embedded, not only stores and synchronizes the configurations and event trace but also analyzes them collaboratively in real- time providing valuable insight into possible attacks and security events. We fancy clean and neat coding style over tricky and complicated overriding and nesting, and we would expect from you some basic user interface design skills as well. If you are looking for a place to code hard’n’smart and apply latest in-field technologies, this is the place to be. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to tackle some of industry’s greatest challenges and make an impact on the way our customer applies security intentions to their daily use of the web and data centers. Before you apply, please note that our team highly values diversity, integrity, and authenticity. These values, along with the skill set needed for the job are required. Our ideal candidate has an open mind and knows there's no "I" in team. Responsibilities: Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables. Build cloud applications from the ground up in a collaborative setting (design, develop, test, deploy/containerize, maintain and improve the bits and bytes). Aim to deliver with highest performance, security and user experience. Prototype new systems using latest hardware and technology. Be a thinker and a teammate, always contribute first. Minimum Qualifications: Both a keen eye for spotting problems/defects and a BIG heart. Extensive Software development experience in at least TWO general purpose programming languages. (C/C++, Java/Scala/Kotlin, Python, Javascript/Nodejs, Go, Erlang/Elixir) Extensive experience with HTML 5 (tags, DOM and apis), JavaScript (ECMAScript 5+), CSS 3+ and a good understanding of web browser rendering cycles. Extensive experience with functional programming, asynchronous event loop and parallel processing patterns. Extensive experience with HTTP 1.1+, TCP/IP and Unix Networking. Experience from Mathematics, Physics and Cognitive Science. Working proficiency and communication skills in verbal and written English. Preferred Qualifications: Master’s or PhD degree in Computer Science, similar technical field of study or equivalent practical experience from Mathematics, Physics and Cognitive Science. Experience with one or more general web backend frameworks including but not limited to: Express.js, Jersey, Django, Laravel, Phoenix or Rails. Experience with one or more web frontend frameworks and libraries (e.g B, A, R). Experience with one or more special purpose frameworks and tools including but not limited to: Akka, Kafka, Spark/Hadoop, or CUDA. Experience with Redis, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Neo4j and Elasticsearch. Experience with OSGi or Microservices deployment. GD LI-EL1