Job Description The Office of the General Counsel Fair Hearings & Compliance Unit (FHCU) is responsible for representing the Administration for Children’s Services in fair hearings and other proceedings, including Article 78, Small Claims, and ULURP proceedings. Under direct supervision, with some latitude for independent initiative and judgment, this candidate assists in carrying out assigned tasks in support of litigation-related community services for this Unit. Specific duties may include, but are not limited to the following: Providing support to the Supervising Attorney, the Program Director for the Fair Hearings and Compliance Unit, Staff Attorneys, and other Unit staff by handling community information requests and performing office tasks such as preparing correspondence, receiving visitors, arranging conference calls, scheduling meetings, answering phones, taking messages, and responding to case status inquiries from community groups or members Performing liaison services among or between government agencies, private agencies, and the community, including legal defense organizations representing community members and/or individual unrepresented community members Assisting with special projects and perform other assigned tasks, as needed, including collecting, collating, and recording of court calendars and statistics as directed Assisting with daily operations of the office which includes: supporting office technology, ordering and managing office inventory, receipt and distribution of unit mail, filing and file management Assisting with case intake process by entering new cases in Unit database (FHReD), obtaining missing information, and data-entering case updates as needed to enable quick and accurate responses to community inquiries. Minimum Qual Requirements 1\. There are no formal education or experience requirements for this position. However, the ability to understand and carry out simple instructions is required. 2\. Candidates must be able to understand and be understood in English. Additional Information Section 424-A of the New York Social Services Law requires an authorized agency to inquire whether a candidate for employment with child-caring responsibilities has been the subject of a child abuse and maltreatment report. The City of New York and the Administration for Children’s Services are Equal Opportunity Employers Committed to Diversity To Apply Click on "Apply Now" button. Residency Requirement New York City residency is generally required within 90 days of appointment. However, City Employees in certain titles who have worked for the City for 2 continuous years may also be eligible to reside in Nassau, Suffolk, Putnam, Westchester, Rockland, or Orange County. To determine if the residency requirement applies to you, please discuss with the agency representative at the time of interview.