FIRST DAY OF FILING: August 13, 2018 at 8:00 a.m. (PST) FILING DATES: August 13, 2018 from 8:00 a.m. - August 13, 2018, 5:00 p.m. (PST) Type of Recruitment: Open Competitive The Los Angeles County Employees Retirement Association (LACERA) administers and manages the $52+ billion retirement fund for the County of Los Angeles. We provide retirement, disability, and death benefits to eligible County employees and their beneficiaries, and collect, deposit, invest, and manage retirement funds collected from the County, outside districts, and County employees. LACERA is one of the largest county retirement associations in the United States with over 156,000 members. Our membership is comprised of individuals from a diverse range of careers, age groups, and ethnicity - all contributing to the greater welfare of Los Angeles County. Benefits include health insurance, annual leave, sick leave, retirement, paid holidays, and ride share program. LACERA Values: We work together toward achieving our mission through our shared Values. Our Values include Professionalism, Respect, Open Communication, Fairness, Integrity, and Teamwork. Examination Information : Examination Number: 9-0464-C, Job Bulletin Number: 18-25 ABOUT THE POSITION: The Administrative Services Division is responsible for providing a variety of support services to the organization, such as procurement, budget administration, facilities management, copy center, mail services and word processing. The division also supports LACERA through management of special programs such as Health and Safety, Ride Share, Risk Management, Records Management, Business Continuity and Procurement and Facilities. We directly serve the membership through our Document Processing Center where each month we product electronic images of thousands pieces of incoming and outgoing member service requests. The Procurement and Facilities Unit directly serves our internal customer by providing procurement services for routine and special business/office/technical equipment and supplies, negotiating purchase/lease of small and large business equipment such as fax machines and copiers, and facility related tasks. This position is responsible for providing customer service in all related areas to LACERA staff, management, Boards, and external business partners. V ACANCY INFORMATION: The current vacancy is located in the Administrative Services Division. Work Schedule: This full-time position is required to work a 5/40 schedule (e.g. an eight (8) hour day, Monday through Friday) for at least the first six (6) months of employment. EXAMPLES OF ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS: The following examples are intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by persons assigned to each classification. Depending on the assignment, duties may include, but are not limited to the following: Supervises the clerical processing of procurement documents, following up on delays, and the maintenance of related records and controls throughout the acquisition process. Arranges for demonstrations of equipment and supply items by vendors. Arranges for and coordinates the testing of competitive products by operating units and prepares reports of findings on comparative costs, relative efficiency, and labor savings. Participates in the writing of specifications. Evaluates equipment which operating units wish to replace, and recommends replacement or continued use. Conducts consumption studies and prepares reports on current and contemplated usage of items and observations of operating units. Canvasses vendors to locate items which are out of production or are in short supply, obtaining prices, discounts, and delivery dates. Prepares letters to justify acceptance of bids other than the lowest submitted. Reviews reports of goods received and inspects merchandise to verify conformance to purchase order specifications. Reviews requisitions for supplies, querying operating units regarding necessity for quantities requested. May supervise storekeeping and property custodial functions. May be required to perform other duties as assigned. REQUIREMENTS: MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS: Two years' experience at the level of Procurement Aid -OR- One year's experience at the level of Procurement Assistant I, LACERA. LICENSE: A valid California Class C Driver License or the ability to utilize an alternative method of transportation when needed to carry out job- related essential job functions. PHYSICAL CLASS II Light: Light physical effort which may include occasional light lifting to a 10 pound limit, and some bending, stooping or squatting. Considerable walking may be involved. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: DESIRABLE QUALIFICATIONS: Demonstrated experience in researching, comparing, and providing written justification for purchases of office supplies, technology equipment, office machines, and vehicles. Demonstrated experience in managing "just in time" inventory levels. Demonstrated experience working in "Great Plains Purchase" Order module. Demonstrated experience in handling multiple priorities. Demonstrated excellence in customer service. Demonstrated experience in the 3-bid process, analysis, and record keeping. Demonstrated experience in providing written analysis of procurement reports and statistics, such as open purchase orders, order analysis, etc. Demonstrated experience in inventory and cycle counts. Demonstrated experience in managing minor facility requests such as installation of keyboard trays. Demonstrated basic knowledge of MS Word and MS Excel. To receive credit for the above desirable qualifications your application must clearly show and describe your experience. Knowledge of: Policies and procedures related to (state law, etc.) correct English usage, grammar, spelling, punctuation and vocabulary; interpersonal skills using tact, patience, and courtesy; customer service skills; principals and applications of the Microsoft Office Applications including Word and Excel. Ability to: Communicate clearly and effectively, orally and in writing and maintain effective relationships with public and staff; understand and follow oral and written directions; provide leadership; work with minimum supervision; and plan and organize their work and the work of others; establish and maintain effective working relationships with other staff internally and externally; and operate a personal computer utilizing Microsoft applications such as Word and Excel. EXAMINATION CONTENT: This examination will consist of an evaluation of application information and the desirable qualifications weighted 100%. Those candidates which are determined eligible for hire under the Los Angeles County's Civil Services Rules may be invited to the selection process which may be comprised of a selection interview and/or job related assessments. CANDIDATES MUST ACHIEVE A PASSING SCORE OF 70 OR HIGHER ON THE WEIGHTED PORTION (S) OF THE EXAMINATION IN ORDER TO BE PLACED ON THE ELIGIBLE REGISTER. EXAMINATION NOTIFICATIONS: All selection invitations (e.g. oral, performance, written, etc.) and/or special notices will be sent to candidates via email to the email address provided on the official application only. Ensure your email address is correct at the time of filing. Allegations of not receiving the email notification to the email address provided on the official application will not be considered an acceptable reason to authorize an early or late examination administration. All other notifications (e.g. Notice of Non-Acceptance, Notice of Results, etc.) will be mailed via United States Postal Services (USPS) to the mailing address provided on the official application. Test scores/results cannot be given over the telephone. Allegations of not receiving notifications sent via USPS to the mailing address provided on the official application cannot be considered to authorize an extension of appeal rights. To ensure that our emails are not filtered into your "junk" or "bulk" folder, please add governmentjobs.com and lacera.com to your list of trusted senders. ELIGIBLE INFORMATION: The names of candidates receiving a passing grade will be placed on the eligible register in the order of their score group for a period of six (6) months following the date of promulgation. APPLICATION AND FILING INFORMATION: Application must be submitted online. Applicants can check the status of their applications at any time by logging into their account on www.governmentjobs.com The acceptance of an employment application depends upon whether or not an applicant has provided adequate information that clearly demonstrates meeting the Minimum Requirements for the position as stated above. Please complete the application and supplemental questionnaire thoroughly and completely. Information provided in the supplemental questionnaire must be reflected in the application to be considered. Failure to provide complete information on the employment application and on the supplemental questionnaire will impact the assessment of an applicant's qualifications and acceptance in the selection process. Applications submitted without the complete work history and the supplemental questions completed in their entirety will be rejected as incomplete. "See application" or "See resume" or copy and paste of work experience is not sufficient or qualifying responses. Resumes will not be accepted in lieu of the completed application or supplemental questionnaire. In the space provided for education, include the names and addresses of schools attended, and number of credits, degree, and/or certificate(s) earned. In order to receive credit for any college course work, or college degree, such as an Associate, Bachelor, Master, Doctorate degree, or for completion of a certificate program, you must include a legible copy of the official diploma, official and/or unofficial transcripts, or an official letter from the accredited institution which shows the area of specialization or official certificate(s) at the time of filing or within ten (10) business days from application submission date. Applicants must provide the appropriate attachments during application submission, email the documentation to humanresources@lacera.com, or fax a photocopy of the required documents to (626) 564-6699 within ten (10) business days of filing. Please include the examination title and number on the documentation. Failure to provide the appropriate documentation may result in your application being rejected as incomplete and will be removed from consideration. Your employment history should be listed in order beginning with the most recent. For each job held, provide the name and address of your employer, your job titles, beginning and ending dates, description of work performed, salary earned, and reason for leaving. If you have worked in more than one position for one employer, list each job title and/or area of assignment separately on the application to demonstrate your experience in various assignments/occupational areas. Part-time experience will be evaluated on the basis of its fractional equivalent of a 40-hour workweek. All required experience must be paid. This position may require working evenings, weekends, and holidays. TO APPLY ONLINE GO TO: www.lacera.com and click on the Careers link. Faxed, emailed, or hardcopy (paper) applications will not be accepted. COMPUTER AND INTERNET ACCESS AT PUBLIC LIBRARIES: For candidates who may not have regular access to a computer or the internet, applications can be completed on computers at public libraries throughout Los Angeles County. Candidate(s) who complete examination process with acceptable results will be considered by the Department hiring authority. Upon an offer of employment, a comprehensive background investigation will be conducted, which includes verification of experience, and/or education, credit history, and fingerprinting through the California Department of Justice and the Federal Bureau of Investigation. BACKGROUND CHECK: Except for a very limited number of positions, candidates will not be asked to provide information about conviction history until they receive a contingent offer of employment. LACERA will make an individualized assessment of whether or not a candidates conviction history has a direct or adverse relationship with the specific duties of the job, and consider potential mitigating factors, including but not limited to; evidence and extent of rehabilitation, recency of the offense(s), and age at the time of the offense(s). _If asked to provide information about conviction history, any convictions or court records which are exempted by a valid court order do not have to be disclosed._ IMPORTANT NOTE: Please note that ALL information included in the application materials is subject to VERIFICATION at any point during the examination and hiring process, including after an appointment has been made. Any information may result in DISQUALIFICATION or RESCISSION OF APPOINTMENT. Utilizing VERBIAGE from the Classification Specification, Minimum Requirements, and/or Desirable Qualifications serving as your description of duties WILL NOT be sufficient to demonstrate that you meet the requirements. Doing so may result in an INCOMPLETE APPLICATION and you may be DISQUALIFIED. Applications may be rejected at any stage of the examination process. Requests for accommodation: humanresources@lacera.com Teletype Telephone: (800) 899-4099 Department Contact Name: Sharon Norton Department Contact Telephone: (626) 564-6000 extension 3350 Department Email: humanresources@lacera.com