Faherty Brand Wholesale team is expanding! Within the past year alone, our wholesale business has grown more than 80% and we're looking for our next all- star associate who can jump in headfirst and hit the ground running. As the Wholesale Operations Associate, you'll oversee and manage your own set of accounts from order processing through fulfillment, and serve as their point of contact for anything customer service related. We're looking for someone who enjoys getting their hands dirty and can provide timely turnaround no matter the task, to provide the ultimate customer experience to our growing accounts. This is an awesome opportunity for someone who wants to not only learn the ins and outs of a fashion brand, but more importantly grow the business in their own way through relationship building and team work. Responsibilities : Oversee and manage our Specialty accounts from an order fulfilment and customer service perspective Work closely with our Wholesale and Production teams to ensure orders ship in full within requested ship windows, and communicate any potential risks Be the point of contact for our third-party fulfillment centers on everything outbound Create and process Return Authorizations Provide key insight and adhoc reporting needs to Wholesale Operations Manager; your input will be highly valuable in discovering our strengths and opportunities! Soft skills: Compassion: You're a people person and know the "who" is the core driving force of a team and customer relationship. To listen is to learn, and to love. We’re all in this together. Critical: in the best way possible, that is. You enjoy dissecting and analyzing information to find the underlying "what" or "why", or root cause of a situation. Grit: (Not to be confused with the breakfast cereal). No day is the same here @ Faherty - You enjoy the challenge of figuring out the "how" - no matter how tricky, time consuming and confusing the situation may be. You take ownership and run with it. Technical skills: 1-2 years of professional experience in retail, customer service, or related fields Basic excel skills required Experience with EDI’s preferred Knowledge of JOOR and RLM is a plus Perks: Autonomy; you run your own schedule and manage your day as needed Free cold brew coffee. Or beer, we have that too. Concert invites Flexible vacation policy Cool clothing ala our quarterly clothing stipend (plus added discounts) WYSTWD. wearyoursweatstoworkday everyday ifyouwant Health, dental and vision insurance options Commuter Benefits ramily. We're coworkers, but we're also friends. Some of us family. You get what we mean. Endless opportunities. No really though, ideas and interests dont go unheard. We're just as excited as you are to make stuff happen.