At Texas Mutual, we're working to create a stronger, safer Texas. In this role, you will promote data-driven decision-making across the enterprise for the betterment of our policyholders. This position is exciting, because you will help lead our amazing people as a member of the senior management team. Join one of the best companies to work for in Texas as the Vice President of Data Analytics & Business Intelligence, reporting to the Chief Data Officer. Responsibilities & Qualifications In this Role: Develop strategies to enable data-driven decision-making across the enterprise Establish a center of excellence for data analytics and business intelligence (BI) Set direction for business-based data analysts to adopt data strategies, methodologies, processes, reporting tools, and visualization technologies Collaborate with IT partners to help set direction for the data warehouse team and data-related technologies Define the BI/data analytics roadmap, while setting goals and strategies to create value Promote analytic usage skills and mature data literacy throughout the organization Teach and enable others to promote and make data-driven decisions, backed by investigation and collaboration through data Ensure that analyses used for financial reporting and legal requirements are valid, traceable, available, secure and consistent Ensure privacy and legal requirements are met in the access and use of data by the internal analytics community Consolidate data analytics throughout the company and set standards for consistent report generation and reporting output, including dashboards Be accountable for consistent and quality data reporting, analytics, and visualization throughout the enterprise Communicate opportunities to optimize results through use of data analytics and business intelligence Demonstrate advanced understanding of the data warehouse discipline, including data lakes, data mapping, data mining, data dependencies, structured and unstructured data, SQL, and ETL Demonstrate advanced understanding of analytics, including predictive modeling, AI, and deep learning Demonstrate knowledge and suitability for an agile scrum development environment Present complicated analytical information in a concise and compelling manner to technical and non-technical audiences Manage others; recruit, develop, coach, and retain staff Be responsible for departmental budget Required Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in a related field 10 years of progressive experience managing data analytics and business intelligence at a corporate level 5 years of experience working with emerging data and analytics technologies (i.e. Hadoop, Spark, MongoDB, Azure Data Lake, etc.) 5 years of experience in a supervisory/management position Skilled in emerging cloud platforms and development patterns (i.e. AWS, Azure, MapReduce, etc.) Skilled in analytics platforms (i.e. Tableau, Qlik, Microsoft, Alteryx, etc.) Knowledge of some or all of the following disciplines: Machine Learning , Statistical Analysis, Artificial Intelligence, Predictive Analytics Basic knowledge of architecture frameworks (TOGAF, DAMA, etc.) Our Benefits: Relocation assistance Day 1 health, dental and vision insurance Performance bonus 401k plan with generous match Vacation, sick, and volunteer time off Life and disability insurance Flexible spending account On-site gym Professional development Tuition reimbursement Pet insurance Identity theft protection Company-sponsored social, wellness, and philanthropy events Texas Mutual Insurance Company is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer.