We are a hard-working group building SaaS products to deliver the future of cloud security and governance. We live and breathe distributed systems, horizontally scaled microservice architectures, graph data models, security- focused data analytics and data science, cloud services, and high availability designs all with integrated instrumentation and logging. We are seeking creative and capable problem solvers and critical thinkers with growth mindsets to join our team. Our team is growing and you will have the opportunity to define your role within the team. While we have a high bar for quality and performance, we also expect our work to be balanced, fun and fulfilling. With the explosion of public cloud adoption, we need to grow our collective knowledge of the big three cloud providers. Are you a skilled Azure or Google Cloud developer? We would like you to compare Google Cloud services to their analogues in Azure and AWS. You will teach us about the menu of Google services, and how they interact with and relate to each other. You can keep us safe from the perils of misconfiguration in Google. Join us and see your experience come to life in our products. You will help identify your tasks based on project requirements and needs, and then propose and implement solutions. You will participate in design and architecture discussions. We will expect you to have opinions and/or suggestions for project direction. Your development work will include instrumentation, health checks, unit tests, documentation and end-to-end tests where appropriate. We will review your code through pull requests prior to merge within the project. We need you to be able to explain and support your implementation decisions as well as explain application and business logic based on your written code. We will grow together as a tight-knit team, celebrating our successes and learning from our failures. Your ongoing professional development is a key component of your job. Requirements and preferred skills Do you stay on task, ask questions to get unblocked and are not afraid of being wrong? Do you have excellent analytical skills and persist at problems until they are solved? Have you internalized the security mindset and think in terms of risk assessment, vulnerability and behavioral analysis, and threat mitigation? You have built and deployed horizontally-scaled microservices You have participated in agile software development teams You have used of some or all of these programming languages: Git, Node, Go, Ruby, Python, GraphQL and Bash You have exposure to some or all of these technologies: ElasticSearch, Mongo, Redis, Cassandra, Kubernetes, SQL, Docker, Jenkins and Linux Equal Employment Opportunity Statement VMware is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, age, physical, mental or sensory disability, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, HIV status, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status including pregnancy, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. VMware will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics.