To lead the Los Angeles Philharmonic’s local, national, and international Learning. Reporting to the Chief Operating Officer, the VP will bring pedagogical best practice and experience of working in community environments to develop and lead an innovative program that aligns with and supports the institution’s vision for young people, life-long learning and community impact. Current programs include: YOLA (local, national and international initiatives), youth concerts (school-day and family), invitational rehearsals, Composer Fellowship Program, pre- and post-concert talks, and ancillary festival events. Position Elements : Develop strategies for implementation and evaluation of the LAPA's educational mission in conjunction with the Music Director, CEO, Chief Operating Officer, Director of Artistic Planning, Senior Advisor, External Engagement, and the Education & Community Board Committee. Direct the preparations for and operation of all education programs including, but not limited to: programming, scheduling, contracting, coordinating with outside agencies and other departments, etc., including the proposed new YOLA center in Inglewood. Oversee the creation and preparation of support materials in writing and other media for all education constituents in LAPA education programs. Oversee relationships with LAPA’s education partners in YOLA (local, national & international) and build capacity in partner organizations when necessary. Assist the Development Department in major gift solicitations, identification of education-focused grants and the review of proposals and reports. Manage the engagement of LAPA’s Education & Community Board Committee with Senior Advisor, External Engagement. Act as a spokesperson for the Association’s learning initiatives both internally and externally, which includes developing and delivering public presentations to Staff, Volunteers, Board, Press, conference and workshop participants, etc. Work with Senior Advisor, External Engagement to connect and amplify the work of the entire Education Department, with an emphasis on YOLA and the YOLA center in Inglewood. Prepare and oversee the Learning Department budget. Coordinate with Marketing and Digital Departments to ensure appropriate public image and timely production of all education-related brochures, printed materials, and web/social media pieces. Other duties as needed. Minimum Requirements Bachelors degree required Advanced degree as appropriate, a plus At least 8-10 years of experience in the arts education field, music education and/or arts management Experience working with and supporting teaching artists Track record in developing meaningful community engagement work Deep knowledge and understanding of best practice in arts pedagogy and child development Significant experience working in and with communities, including addressing underserved population groups and those who experience inequity, and building community dialogue and participation Skilled in team and consensus building Ability to facilitate meetings with diverse stakeholders Interest in and knowledge of the El Sistema philosophy Skilled in inter-organizational collaborations Creative and strong leadership skills Strong verbal and written communication skills Familiarity with national educational issues, particularly in relation to the arts Ability to work with diverse personalities Knowledge of orchestral repertoire The Los Angeles Philharmonic Association will consider for employment qualified Applicants with Criminal Histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the FCIHO.