In a fast-paced industry that demands precision, we create a supportive workplace where the safety and well-being of our employees are paramount. We are committed to rewarding top performers, offering very competitive pay and benefits, and providing tremendous career development opportunities. We are looking for an experienced and self-motivated individual to fill the position of Customer Relations Representative with our corporate headquarters located in Dallas, Texas. As a member of the Supply Chain Team, the Customer Relations Representative plays a critical role in the distribution of OxyChem’s products into the marketplace. In collaboration with the Sales and Supply Chain partners, this position is accountable for managing customer relationships, demonstrating customer advocacy and overseeing all aspects of the order fulfillment process for a set of assigned customer accounts. The ideal candidate must be energetic, influential, outgoing, self-motivated, and professional with career aspirations. Essential Job Duties: Responsible for representing OxyChem’s high standards of business conduct, creating an exceptional customer experience, and promoting a strong culture of safety excellence and environmental stewardship. Serve as a primary interface between OxyChem and corporate US and Canadian customers. Collaborate closely with OxyChem Sales Team and Supply Chain functions to onboard new customers and promote a strong customer-supplier relationship with customers. Drive internal activities associated with product delivery requests from order entry in SAP, through shipment and invoicing until customer satisfaction is achieved. Obtain and maintain essential customer and business critical information in multi-systems. Establish a strong internal network across OxyChem departments to leverage knowledge of internal business processes in order to serve as a central resource for communicating with customers. Demonstrate critical thinking skills and perseverance when taking action to overcome obstacles throughout the order to cash process. Communicate financial information pertaining to invoices and billing formulas in addition to resolving invoice discrepancies. Champion customer needs within OxyChem Supply Chain organization by communicating customer expectations, forecasted product demand, delivery disruptions and customer satisfaction data. Maintain a working knowledge of motor, rail, water and pipeline transportation processes and systems to support assigned accounts. Develop an understanding of supply chain fundamentals in inventory management, warehousing, and logistics processes and systems. Report customer issues to management and internal teams in the Customer Relationship Management (CRM) system. Promote the adoption of key customer service offerings such as vendor managed inventory, ecommerce, online self-service, and paperless orders. Administers OxyChem business policies relating to sales orders including lead-time requirements, order control programs, and Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) compliance. Participates on special project and process improvement teams. Qualifications Bachelor's Degree and one year of relevant experience OR Bachelor’s Degree in Supply Chain Management. Proficiency in Microsoft Office Applications. Additional Desired Qualifications: Enterprise Resources Planning software (SAP/ERP) and Customer Relationship Management (MSDynamics) system preferred. Knowledge of order processing, billing, manufacturing, transportation, and logistics processes preferred. Professional communication skills (both written and verbal) Able to work well in a team environment. Detail-oriented, analytical and organized with strong customer focus and an aptitude for problem-solving and multi-tasking. Demonstrated interpersonal and influencing skills. Oxy is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Individual with Disability/Veteran Status