_Cognizant is hiring "_ _OSI PI Consultant_ _for IL location ”_ _. Interested candidates who are local and willing to relocate can apply._ Job title: OSI PI Consultant Location: Chicago, IL Mandatory Skills: 1\. Extensive experience in OSI PI 2\. Ability to configure OSI interface nodes 3\. Archive load and health analytical skills 4\. OSI product knowledge including PI Vision, Asset framework, Analytics, PI Web API, 5\. Integrator for Business Analytics 6.Development skills 7\. Change management skills 8\. Great interpersonal skills Preferred Skills: Web Services, Integration to MES/Maximo/Serialization applications Job Role: 1\. Configure Historian (OSI PI ) Interface nodes, Asset Framework (AF) models, reports and calculations using OSIsoft PI toolsets (such as Process Book, PI Vision, PI DataLink, PI System Explorer) 2\. Partner with the Analytics team to align work with the Analytics Platform 3\. Perform application administration for OSIsoft PI systems including implementation, standardization, security, design, support, enhancements and upgrades: a. PI Process Book b. PI Datalink c. PI Vision d. PI AF/Event Frame e. PI Administration f. VBA 4\. Monitor application server, operating system triage and log translation 5\. Monitor and support of OSIsoft services and ecosystem 6\. Work and troubleshoot with infrastructure groups: server, storage, network management, enterprise architect 7\. Integrate OSI PI with MES, Maximo, Serialization applications Technical Skills SNo Primary Skill Proficiency Level Rqrd./Dsrd. 1 ABB PLC PL1 Required 2 ABB SCADA PL1 Required Domain Skills SNo Primary Skill Proficiency Level Rqrd./Dsrd. 1 MES: Rockwell Werum NA Required Proficiency Legends Proficiency Level Generic Reference PL1 The associate has basic awareness and comprehension of the skill and is in the process of acquiring this skill through various channels. PL2 The associate possesses working knowledge of the skill, and can actively and independently apply this skill in engagements and projects. PL3 The associate has comprehensive, in-depth and specialized knowledge of the skill. She / he has extensively demonstrated successful application of the skill in engagements or projects. PL4 The associate can function as a subject matter expert for this skill. The associate is capable of analyzing, evaluating and synthesizing solutions using the skill. Job Location : Chicago, Illinois, United States Employee Status : Full Time Employee Shift : Day Job Travel : No Job Posting : Aug 01 2018 Cognizant US Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran. If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions in the US, please send an email with your request to CareersNA2@cognizant.com About Cognizant Cognizant is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant, a member of the NASDAQ-100, is ranked 195 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us on Twitter: USJobsCognizant. Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.