nuTonomy aims to be the first company in the world to launch an autonomous taxi system, and we are building up an awesome team to make this goal a reality. We are developing the first-of-its-kind complete solution for providing point-to-point mobility via large fleets of autonomous vehicles. This includes software for autonomous vehicles, smartphone-based ride hailing, fleet management, and teleoperation. The company's software has been tested extensively on public roads in the U.S. and Singapore. We offer a unique opportunity to work closely with experts from a wide array of backgrounds, to create ground-breaking technology with potential for huge impact. As a member of a fast-growing start-up, you will be able to make a large contribution to the final product. For more information about nuTonomy, visit: www.nutonomy.com We are seeking a highly talented Machine Learning Research Scientist in Santa Monica, CA to support a variety of teams and projects. In this role you would work closely with other researchers & engineers to build a fully-integrated autonomous driving stack. nuTonomy’s goal is to create provably safe and efficient vehicles, so we particularly value a rigorous statistical background and expertise regarding providing rigorous performance bounds. To support your work, you will be able to use a state-of-the-art scalable computing, simulation, and testing environment, as well as a vast database of well annotated data from nuTonomy’s fleet of autonomous vehicles. You will work together with an awesome group of motivated colleagues, both industry professionals as well as leading researchers from academia, who like to approach problems with both creativity and rigor, to push beyond the state of the art. Job responsibilities Analyze logs to identify problem areas and improvement opportunities. Mine driving logs for anomalies & corner cases. Develop an ‘active learning’ feedback loop for our DL / ML systems. Define system documentation, metrics, measurements. Mentor junior colleagues. Core skills Deep understanding of common Machine Learning and Deep Learning algorithms. Practical experience in data science, statistics, and analysis of large data sets. Fluency in in a modern programming language, such as C++ and/or Python. Phd or Ms in Computer Science or similar preferred. 2-3 years of relevant industry experience. Desired skills Experience using data modeling tools such as Pandas or Hadoop. Familiarity with autonomous robotics and vehicle systems. Proven track record of publications in relevant conferences (CVPR, ICML, NIPS, ICCV, ICLR…) Familiarity with C++, CUDA, Git, CMake, continuous integration tools and the agile development process.