Job Overview Wargaming’s Platform team is looking for a strong System Administrator to join our talented team of designers, developers and producers. This role provides a great opportunity to support a team critical to Wargaming’s success. If you have a passion for video games and information technology, along with experience building, configuring Linux based systems, we want to hear from you! Reports To _The System Administrator will report to the Regional IT Manager_ What will you do? Install and maintain Linux Servers, Windows Servers, Active Directory, Group Policies, DNS, and DHCP services. Proactively maintain, monitor and audit the health and availability of systems. Research, develop, and implement new system configuration management technologies and practices Develop documentation for key systems and services. Work with legendary production teams to design, configure, and build solutions to support business and development goals Troubleshoot and resolve issues with server hardware and software What are we looking for? 4+ years’ experience managing and maintaining Windows systems in a production environment Experience managing virtual environments with VMware or equivalent Strong troubleshooting skills Knowledge of scripting/programming in any administrative language (Bash, Perl, Powershell, Python, etc) Prior experience administrating source control repositories (SVN, GIT, Perforce, Plastic, etc) Self-direction and ability to thrive in a dynamic and often interrupt driven environment Basic understanding of Linux system configuration and maintenance Able and willing to lift a minimum of 50 lbs What additional skills will help you stand out? Passion for videogames and information technology Database administration and tuning (MSSQL, MySQL) Experience Building, configuring and maintaining Linux based systems Computer Science and/or related job certifications. Experience with SAN storage technologies and VMware Hypervisor software 4+ years administering mixed Windows/Linux servers About Us _Wargaming is an award-winning online game developer and publisher headquartered in Nicosia, Cyprus. Delivering legendary games since 1998, Wargaming has grown to become one of the leaders in the free-to-play MMO gaming industry with 4500+ employees and more than 20 offices globally. Over 200 million players enjoy Wargaming’s titles across all major gaming platforms, including the massively popular World of Tanks and World of Warships._ _Working in our company means always having interesting challenges and gaining valuable experience while working with top-class experts._ _Take your place among our passionate and experienced team and bring out the best in yourself at Wargaming!_ _Please see_ _Wargaming Candidate Privacy Policy_ _for details on how Wargaming uses your personal data_