Job Responsibilities How this role will make an impact: The Retail industry is undergoing a transformation of historic proportions. Come join us on this journey, in a role that can influence and impact our organization and the path we follow through this transformation.. This Enterprise Architect will be a key member of PetSmart’s IT Strategy, Architecture & Innovations team responsible for development of technology strategies and architectures that will impact the enterprise. The role will be accountable for working with cross functional teams to assess and develop strategies and plans for PetSmart’s technology platforms for in-store, corporate and/or direct-to-consumer environments. This role will provide strategic leadership and creative thinking to the analysis of technology trends and the identification of new opportunities to help drive brand growth strategies. At PetSmart, our Enterprise Architects aid in development of a holistic view of our organization’s strategy, processes, information and IT roadmaps to enable continued growth in our mission, and then assist in execution to drive realization of targeted outcomes. PetSmart’s current business strategy is driving rapid changes in many components of its IT environment including digital, mobile, enterprise systems, enterprise services, enterprise platform, integration, and analytics. Qualified candidates for the Enterprise Architecture role will have experience in many of these areas, along with being comfortable working in a dynamic, evolving and maturing IT organization. He/she will have experience working collaboratively within IT teams and influencing IT and Business Partners to adopt an enterprise perspective to strategic programs and projects. Your goals and responsibilities will include: Develop and maintain working relationships, aimed towards driving value delivery, with key IT and business partners. In partnership with other IT team members, influence, develop and maintain strategies (as an example, cloud, mobile, promotions, product planning, services) for technology facing or business facing areas. Analyze strategy overlaps and influence adjustments to individual area strategies Aid the Strategy manager and IT Partners in evolving and maturing the interactions and dialogue with our business partners Analyze enterprise business context (trends and business strategy to derive a future state. This includes defining the requirements, principles and models that guide technology decisions for the enterprise Define high-level migration plans to address the gaps between the current and future state, typically in sync with the IT budgeting or other capital planning processes Lead the analysis of the current technology environment to detect critical opportunities and deficiencies and, recommend approaches and architectural changes for improvement. In addition, lead the analysis of technology industry and market trends to determine their potential impact on the enterprise. Develop and maintain enterprise standards. Develop and maintain business capabilities, IT capabilities, critical business & IT processes, context architectures and, relevant portfolio maps for the enterprise (Enterprise IT view) Assist with designing and executing the governance activities associated with ensuring Enterprise standards compliance Conduct educational sessions on relevant technologies and technology trends When requested, provide broad solution architecture guidance and efforts in support of strategic initiatives Participate in Solution (and other) architectural reviews and provide feedback and guidance in a structured manner to aide in robust solutions and adherence to standards (where applicable) Oversee or consult on technology implementation and modification activities (for example, projects. Consult on application or infrastructure development projects to harmonize systems or infrastructure with the EA, and identify when it is necessary to modify the EA to accommodate immediate or future project needs What you’ll bring to the table: 8 – 10 years progressive experience in technology strategy and architecture development, preferably with one or more specialized areas of focus Technical and/or business certifications a plus. Retail industry experience a plus. An MBA or other graduate degree a technical undergraduate degree preferred About our IT team: We’re growing at a faster pace than we ever have before, investing heavily in cutting-edge technology and, more importantly, _our people._ Our PetSmart IT team isn’t just its own department, they are valued business partners to every area of our company. At every level, our IT associates are empowered to come up with innovative ideas that have strategic impacts to the business. You’ll take pride in the work that you do and the “why” behind it all—for the love of pets. Click here to meet Mike Goodwin, PetSmart’s CIO https://vimeo.com/254726837 Why you’ll love it here: Our home office offers outstanding amenities in a fun and rewarding workplace including: Pet friendly environment, bring your pets to work! A work-life balance and family events such as movie nights, art events and holiday festivals “Top Dog” gym with equipment, fitness classes, massage therapists and personal trainers “Sit & Stay” Café serving fresh breakfast and lunch options Starbucks cart—productivity at its finest! “Lil’ Paws” learning center and onsite childcare facility Volunteer events with PetSmart Charities Submit Resume