CallisonRTKL Architects P.C. seeks a Project Architect to join its Retail Practice Group located in New York City. The ideal candidate will have significant retail and core & shell experience. This practice group’s concentration is specialty and luxury retail project implementation for notable brands across the globe. This position is focused on design and documentation, collaborating with consultants and internal teams to ensure the high standard of deliverables that CallisonRTKL is known for. At CallisonRTKL, you will be a critical member of a network of design professionals who value collaboration, fresh insight and bold talent. You will also be part of a sought-after corporate culture that supports dynamic career advancement and prizes work/life balance. Responsibilities Manages and coordinates the project delivery process for mid-to-large scale projects Collaborates with other lead professionals to ensure design and documentation are in accordance with project expectations Facilitates project schedule Serves as a main contributor during client meetings and presentations Negotiates critical and controversial issues with appropriate parties Develops, documents, and implements design including detailing, material specifications, research, analytics, calculations, code compliance and quality control Produces construction documents with a strong sensitivity to design Coordinates the project delivery process with the required project consultants Attends construction meetings and prepares field reports, answers RFI's and prepares change bulletins Provides technical guidance and mentorship to junior staff Assists with financial management of all assigned projects Requirements Bachelor’s degree in Architecture or related design field 4+ years of experience preferred Professional registration preferred Strong background in base building and retail interiors Ability to prioritize and concurrently service multiple projects Strong verbal and written communication skills Effective problem solving and interpersonal skills and ability to interface with all clients and employees Interacts well with other disciplines and clients in a manner that builds productive relationships Some travel Proficiency with AutoCAD Revit experience preferred LEED accreditation preferred Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities. Please view Equal Employment Opportunity Posters provided by OFCCP here. The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor's legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c)