The Senior Consultant of Organizational Strategy & Effectiveness (OSE) Development has organization-wide responsibility to assist senior leaders in improving their organization's results and building their organizations capability to achieve future challenges and realize the organizations vision. The Senior Consultant will also have process ownership responsibility for key functional areas within the OSE team. These processes may include employee engagement, strategy and goal planning, organization assessment & design, mergers & acquisitions and change management. The ideal Senior Consultant Organizational Development candidate will have advanced knowledge of organizational behavior/development/design theories, principles, frameworks, models, tools and techniques; advanced consulting and coaching skills with senior leadership; and healthcare industry experience. Location/Facility \- Austin/RR, Texas For more information on the facility, please click our Locations link. Specialty/Department/Practice - Human Resources Shift/Schedule \- Full time Benefits - Our competitive benefits package includes: Immediate eligibility for health and welfare benefits 401(k) savings plan with dollar-for-dollar match up to 5% Tuition Reimbursement PTO accrual beginning Day 1 Note: Benefits may vary based upon position type and/or level. Baylor Scott & White Health (BSWH) is the largest not-for-profit health care system in Texas and one of the largest in the United States. With a commitment to and a track record of innovation, collaboration, integrity and compassion for the patient, BSWH stands to be one of the nation's exemplary health care organizations. Our mission is to serve all people by providing personalized health and wellness through exemplary care, education and research as a Christian ministry of healing. Joining our team is not just accepting a job, it's accepting a calling! Bachelor's Degree Minimal of 6-8 Years of Experience in Organizational Effectiveness/Development, Change Management and/or Human Resources with progressive responsibility.