Position Overview Our oil and gas division is seeking an Exploration Geophysicist with O &G experience. The successful candidate will work with the data science and AI engineering teams to select algorithms, implement new methodologies, and formulate solutions related to upstream exploration projects. Beyond Limits is a pioneering Artificial Intelligence company with a technology legacy in Space Exploration. A spinoff of NASA's Jet Propulsion Lab and Caltech, Beyond Limits provides advanced intelligence solutions that go far beyond conventional AI. Our cognitive computing technology mimics human thought processes and provides autonomous reasoning to aid human-like decision-making. Position Responsibilities and Duties Help the geophysics team with current/future seismic projects Collaborate with the SMEs from the client side to understand the current workflows in seismic and help design autonomous solutions empowered by Beyond Limits’ Artificial Intelligence IP stack Awareness of the state of the art AI applications in seismic processing Ideation and writing of new proposals Work in a highly collaborative environment to brainstorm, design, implement and deliver ML solutions Position Qualifications Required Minimum 5 years of experience working as a geophysicist MSc in geophysics, math or related majors Demonstrated experience with statistical analysis, quantitative analytics, forecasting/predictive analytics, multivariate testing, and optimization algorithms Minimum 3 years of programming experience one or more of the following: Python, Java, C++ Effective communication skills to differently stakeholder in a startup environment Preferred PhD in geophysics, math or related majors Software Development Experience Experience with computer vision algorithms Demonstrated experience with machine learning fundamentals and analysis tools (e.g., Sklearn, SciPy, NumPy and TesnorFlow) Experience using/developing modern machine learning algorithms (Convolutional Neural Networks) About Beyond Limits Beyond Limits is a pioneering Artificial Intelligence company with a technology legacy in Space Exploration. A spinoff of NASA's Jet Propulsion Lab and Caltech, Beyond Limits provides advanced intelligence solutions that go far beyond conventional AI. Our cognitive computing technology mimics human thought processes and provides autonomous reasoning to aid human-like decision-making. Beyond Limits provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Beyond Limits complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. Beyond Limits expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status. Improper interference with the ability of Beyond Limit’s employees to perform their job duties may result in discipline up to and including discharge.