MOBE MOBE is a personalized program that empowers people on their path to a better life. We find individuals suffering with or at risk for chronic health problems, we selectively couple them with an expert MOBE Guide in an empowering relationship and we engage them in a journey of better ways for thinking and acting toward enhanced physical, emotional and social wellbeing. This involves introducing them to entertaining, compelling and actionable mental and physical exercises. Guiding consumers away from the mistaken assumption that the health care system holds all the answers, MOBE enables individuals to tap their own power to be better physically, emotionally and socially. We change the rules and the game. The benefits are dramatic, whether you struggle daily with a health condition or simply want to feel your best. Wherever you are on the journey to a better, healthier you, MOBE offers customized, comprehensive pathways forward. Each is tailored to the individual ? and designed to get results. Job Description As a Business Analyst, focusing on Data processes, reconciliation and exchange you will play a critical role in aligning business processes with strategic Business Intelligence, Technology and Data Management objectives that enable the profoundly human mission of MOBE. You will partner with internal and external business and technology teams to drive continuous improvement in cross-functional processes with focus on data analysis based on a detailed understanding of enterprise workflows, system strategies and data integrations. You will develop expertise in the broad business architecture at MOBE but will use business analysis, data analysis and project management skills to drive the completion of detailed activities required to enable initiative implementations. Responsibilities: Maintain strong knowledge of the functional capabilities across the enterprise and work closely with business segments and technology teams to translate strategic goals into delivery-focused change initiatives Facilitate discussion and implement decisions to solve business and data initiatives that may include process improvement, system development/enhancement, new reports, changes to file transfer processes, vendor management and/or software procurement Become an expert in MOBEs processes related to flow of data through the end-to-end process, with initial emphasis on data reconciliation, quality, and reporting Document end-to-end processes, business models or other deliverables that facilitate decision making, project execution, communication and common understanding across the enterprise Provide structure in terms of documenting scope, requirements, timelines, dependencies, risks, decisions on key organizational initiatives/projects Establish consistency and standardization as it relates to business analysis and project management tools and processes (deliverable templates, data exchange requirement documentation, reporting requirements, business models, process flows, etc.) Drive completion of projects and initiatives; follow through on execution of chosen strategies and demonstrate an ability to stay the course despite obstacles Perform special projects as defined by Leader Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree; advanced degree a plus A minimum of four (4) years business analysis experience with two (2) years of experience in a health care field (preferably payer) is required Experience creating business requirements, data documentation (source to target mapping, data dictionary), and process flows with preference given to those with experience in data exchange, data architecture, and BI/reporting development Experience with data validation/reconciliation. Preference given to those with exposure or experience with healthcare eligibility and claims data. Ability to identify and analyze data issues/discrepancies, determine impact to internal and external business and data processes, and manage through resolution Experience working as liaison between business and technical teams, development of business requirements and processes, and knowledge of software development lifecycle Excellent project management, problem solving skills with ability to manage multiple priorities with tight deadlines in a cross functional environment Excellent analytical skills with ability to read and understand complex data and make thoughtful, articulate recommendations to inform business/project initiatives and decisions. Ability to translate analysis of data into meaningful outputs. Proven ability to influence course of action when others are directly accountable for outcomes Experience with SQL Proficient in MS Visio, Word, Excel, and PowerPoint