Summary This role owns the technical delivery of programs and initiatives that enhance the reporting and analytics capabilities for the Home Entertainment Consumer Insights and Marketing business teams. This position combines knowledge of the Home Entertainment industry and digital marketing vertical with hands-on expertise creating data visualization and applying analytics technologies and toolsets. Responsibilities Develop and maintain relationships with the Home Entertainment Consumer Insights and Marketing teams. Understand functional drivers, current business processes, and KPIs used for analytics and reporting. Own the development, implementation, and management of the team’s marketing analytics environment. Create Tableau dashboards and visualizations that provide marketing and performance insights. Analyze data sources in order to define functional and technical data requirements. Partner with technical development teams to build data ingestion and transformation processes. Define and maintain an IT roadmap and delivery plan for advancing the Marketing Analytics capabilities. Incorporate functional and technical driver and ensure alignment with broader NBCU initiatives. Maintains up-to-date awareness of business intelligence and data discovery technologies within the industry and across NBCU Act as subject matter expert and escalation point for the day-to-day operational activities Manages relationships with vendor platform teams, support staff vendors, data providers, and other NBCUniversal Technology service providers Qualifications/Requirements Qualifications/Requirements Minimum 3 years of hands-on experience as a Tableau developer working directly with business teams to define and create dashboard and visualizations Minimum 3 years of experience with broader business intelligence and analytics architectures and knowledge of best practices across them Strong analytical skills with the ability to evaluate information gathered from multiple sources, decompose or abstract functional and technical information, and provide recommendations and a point-of-view for key decisions Proven knowledge of Waterfall and Agile Scrum project management processes and methodologies Excellent written, oral, and presentation skills with the ability to effectively communicate with leadership teams and end-users Creative and original thinker who is self-motivated and has the ability to learn new technologies with a desire to have hands-on experience and an understanding of the business value that it provides Desired Characteristics Desired Characteristics Tableau Certified Professional or Qualified Associate certification Functional knowledge of Home Entertainment or packaged media industry Experience with digital marketing vertical and knowledge of KPIs used to measure performance and effectiveness Ability to demonstrate initiative and work on assigned tasks independently, leveraging team members and resources as necessary Ability to effectively collaborate with teams across varying time zones Ability to work in a dynamic environment Sub-Business Technology Career Level Experienced City Universal City State/Province California Country United States About Us At NBCUniversal, we believe in the talent of our people. It’s our passion and commitment to excellence that drives NBCU’s vast portfolio of brands to succeed. From broadcast and cable networks, news and sports platforms, to film, world-renowned theme parks and a diverse suite of digital properties, we take pride in all that we do and all that we represent. It’s what makes us uniquely NBCU. Here you can create the extraordinary. Join us. Notices NBCUniversal’s policy is to provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, gender identity or expression, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, disability, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy, veteran status, membership in the uniformed services, genetic information, or any other basis protected by applicable law. NBCUniversal will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with relevant legal requirements, including the City of Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative For Hiring Ordinance, where applicable.