Summary _The Department of Community and Human Services values diverse perspectives and life experiences. The Department encourages people of all backgrounds to apply, including people of color, immigrants, refugees, women, LGBTQ, people with disabilities, veterans, and those with lived experiences._ The Department of Community and Human Services (DCHS) provides equitable opportunities for people to be healthy, happy, self-reliant and connected to community. DCHS manages and oversees contracted community agencies providing programs and services for behavioral health prevention and treatment, housing and community development, individuals and families experiencing homelessness, youth and adult education and employment, veterans, older adults, women's program services and developmental disabilities. The position will work in DCHS' Performance Measurement Evaluation (PME) Unit that manages and supports the DCHS' data and evaluation needs. PME is comprised of a team of professionals skilled in quantitative and qualitative evaluation methods, data resource development and management, and data visualization. The Unit supports DCHS' program staff and management with developing comprehensive evaluation frameworks and performance metrics, including assisting with determining appropriate performance measures, managing data collection and quality control, monitoring continuous quality improvement, and conducting in-depth analyses to inform decision making and improve service delivery. PME disseminates research and evaluation findings and promotes organizational learning through published reports. This Manager position will provide supervision and oversight specifically to the teams supporting the comprehensive evaluation of DCHS' Levy and Tax initiatives: Best Start for Kids Levy; Veterans, Seniors, and Human Services Levy; and the Mental Illness and Drug Dependency (MIDD) Tax. The manager will assist the team in aligning approaches and operations and preparing the initiatives for eventual consolidated reporting, including supporting the development and implementation of a new data system. In addition, the manager will supervise the evaluators overseeing PME activities related to developmental disabilities, advancing equity and social justice, and other DCHS community services-related units. The successful candidate for this position will possess strong program evaluation, communication, collaboration, and supervisory skills as well as an understanding of community services delivery. _WHO MAY APPLY:_ This is a career service position open to all qualified applicants. The Department of Community and Human Services values diverse perspectives and life experiences. The Department encourages people of all backgrounds to apply, including people of color, immigrants, refugees, women, LGBTQ, people with disabilities, veterans, and those with lived experiences. _REQUIRED MATERIALS_ : Candidates who wish to be considered for this position must submit an on line King County application and answer the supplemental questions. _WORK_ _SCHEDULE:_ This position is exempt and is not eligible for overtime. Typical hours are Monday - Friday 8am-5pm. _RECRUITER:_ Susan Churchill, susan.churchill@kingcounty.gov Job Duties Oversee and coordinate the performance measurement and evaluation activities of King County's levy and tax initiatives and other community services, including the alignment, development, and implementation of program and initiative evaluations, performance indicator reports, dashboards, and other projects as required to support DCHS and PME. Directly supervise 5-7 personnel and manage a team of 10-15 consisting of program evaluators, data analysts, and data quality specialists. Foster autonomous, high-quality work, while contributing to an integrated and supportive team culture. Stay abreast of changes and developments within DCHS and King County, and anticipate their impact on performance measurement and evaluation needs. Coordinate with DCHS program and contract staff to support the integration of data and research evidence into programming and contracting activities. Coordinate with other DCHS divisions, Public Health/Seattle King County, the City of Seattle, university partners, and external evaluators regarding evaluation, data analysis, and data integration activities. Develop new procedures and processes to document standard work, cross-train staff, streamline and improve workflows, etc. Develop briefing papers and analytical reports, and/or guide report writing of others performing data analysis and program evaluation. Present performance evaluation, research, and data analysis findings to a broad range of stakeholders, including consumers, service providers, elected officials, board members, and legislators. Assist in the development and implementation of improved electronic data systems. Represent King County in local and state meetings related to Levy, Tax, and community services program evaluations and reports. Serve on and attend the DCHS Evaluation and Research Committee, Best Start for Kids Evaluation Advisory Group, MIDD Evaluation Subcommittee, and other ad hoc workgroups and meetings as assigned. Perform other duties as assigned. Experience, Qualifications, Knowledge, Skills Demonstrated knowledge of: quantitative and qualitative analysis principles and methods; principles and practices of intervention research and program evaluation; subject privacy; methods, tools and techniques of applied research; study design and advanced analytic procedures; data collection methods, including surveys; and computerized database systems. Demonstrated experience in supervising staff or leading a group of professionals. Advanced skill in effectively communicating orally and in writing, including making formal presentations to groups and committees. Demonstrated experience in handling multiple competing priorities. Demonstrated experience working with a variety of individuals with diverse backgrounds. Strong problem solving and interpersonal skills, including the ability to work independently and to maintain collaborative relationships as part of a team. Experience in successfully managing complex and politically-sensitive projects, in detail, and meeting deadlines. Demonstrated ability to use Microsoft Office products to complete daily assigned tasks, including: spreadsheet development, word processing, daily communication, and scheduling; and proficiently use statistical software packages, such as SPSS, Stata, SAS, R, or Python. Possession of a valid Washington State Driver's license or the ability to travel throughout the county in a timely manner. _DESIRABLE QUALIFICATIONS:_ Understanding of health and/or human services evaluation and research. Experience working with King County service providers. The most competitive candidates will possess an advanced degree in social sciences, public health, behavioral health or related field with course work in performance measurement, research methods and statistics and/or equivalent education and experience. At least 5 years of experience leading design and implementation of policy-relevant performance measurement and/or evaluation processes within healthcare, behavioral health or human services. Understanding of the Results-Based Accountability (RBA) framework. Experience with Lean management techniques (visual and daily management, standard work, etc.).