Overview Fuel your intellectual curiosity and professional growth. Forrester is an idea company, where smart, motivated, curious people bring a diversity of opinions and the courage of their convictions to collaborate on ideas that change the course of business. Most of all, bring a point of view; here, every voice has value. At Forrester, you’ll work with innovative clients at emerging and established brands; these are the business and technology leaders we inspire and who inspire us. The Forrester experience is built on a singular, powerful purpose: to challenge thinking and lead change. About This Role: This is an exciting time to join Forrester’s business intelligence team, as Forrester is expanding the use and usability of its BI platforms. This position will be a critical component of that expansion as you will work with corporate business and technology leaders to design and deliver the next- generation enterprise data warehouse infrastructure to help support corporate reporting initiatives and drive business insights. It requires an understanding of business intelligence tools, techniques, and best practices as well as a fundamental understanding of the subscription-based business model. The ideal candidate is self-motivated and possesses a passion for leveraging data to deliver business value and drive efficiencies, an affinity for technology, and a creative approach to problem solving. Responsibilities Build and maintain models, packages, reports, cubes, and dashboards for a wide audience of business users (sales, finance, marketing, client services) in Cognos. Provide premium support for business power users on the reporting systems. Proactively identify business reporting challenges, and work with technology partners to devise and deliver solutions. Play a critical role in the implementation of and transition to the next generation of BI tools at Forrester. Assist with the configuration and administration of the BI infrastructure. Assist with the scheduling, distribution, bursting, and refresh of corporate reports. Stay abreast of industry trends surrounding business intelligence. Qualifications A B.S./M.S. in computer-related studies or comparable work experience. Three-plus years of experience with Cognos Framework Manager Dimensional Modeling, Transformer cubes, and design and development. Three-plus years of experience in building reports using Report Studio and Query Studio. Two-plus years of experience working with business stakeholders in requirements gathering, analysis, and testing. Two-plus years of Cognos Administration experience. Two-plus years of experience in SQL development using any relational database. Good understanding of data modeling and ETL processes. Good understanding of data warehousing concepts and techniques. IBM Cognos Certification or Salesforce reporting or Tableau experience; this is a plus. FLSA Status: Exempt Forrester Research, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer that is committed to equal employment opportunity for all qualified individuals without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, sex, age, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, marital status, genetic information, military service, veteran status, or any other status protected by applicable law. Minorities, Women, Individuals with Disabilities, and Veterans are especially encouraged to apply.