Peak Performers is a nonprofit recruiting firm specializing in contract roles with state of Texas government agencies. We've partnered with the Texas Department of Transportation to recruit for a Business Analyst. The workplace will be in central Austin and the workday will be 8:00 am - 5:00 pm, Monday - Friday. Our client Through collaboration and leadership, the Texas Department of Transportation (TxDOT) delivers a safe, reliable, and integrated transportation system that promotes human mobility and goods’ movement. TxDOT’s workforce is comprised of: engineers, administrators, financial experts, designers, architects, sign makers, accountants, purchasers, maintenance workers, travel counselors, and many other professions. TxDOT is committed to the efficient use of state resources and the implementation of effective project processes that result in timely, on-budget, accessible, and safe transportation infrastructure. Your role The role of each Business Analyst (BA) is to perform complex business analysis work, which involves gathering, developing, and documenting user requirements; reviewing, assessing, and developing business processes; creating and validating user acceptance testing; performing post-implementation support of systems; and providing research and special project support. The BA shall work under the supervision of a PM in collaboration with other BA resources to create, normalize, document and govern an Enterprise Taxonomy and Enterprise Taxonomy Governance process based on class/record/document types, search criteria, document retention and security rules, legacy document sources, etc. This is a sole contributor role in a highly collaborative environment, responsible for driving high quality results with vendors and stakeholders of TxDOT, one of the State’s largest agencies. This is an evolving role in a changing environment. The role is responsible for completing other projects and tasks as assigned and for adhering to TxDOT and IMD’s processes and standards. You have: 10 years of demonstrated expertise and experience in all aspects of IT business analysis – including but not limited to discovering, creating and documenting business analysis, requirements, functional designs, test cases, training, data migration/interfaces, and process documents. 10 years of demonstrated experience in delivering business analysis scope on time, within budget, and to the specified level of quality under the direction of a project manager. 10 years of demonstrated expertise in delivering high levels of customer satisfaction and organizational benefits. 10 years of expert skills in oral and written communication, negotiation, and conflict resolution. 5 years of experience with high-level skills in utilizing collaboration and project management tools, such as MS Office Suite, MS Project, SharePoint, and enterprise PPM tools (e.g., Innotas). Bachelor Degree in related discipline. You may also have: 10 years of experience in defining approach, creating and normalizing, governing an agency-wide Enterprise Content Management Taxonomy using existing baselines, accelerators and departmental document information, retention/security rules, legacy document sources/interfaces, etc. 5 years of business analysis experience with a state government or federal organization, particularly with a department of transportation, or with a large engineering or construction organization. Project term: 6 months Compensation: $69.50 / hour (W2) What's it like to work for Peak Performers Qualified applicants with chronic medical conditions and/or disabilities receive job preference. Our clients can hire you at any time - with no fee! We want you to get hired. We pay weekly through direct deposit. We offer ACA compliant health insurance at 60 days. In business since 1994, our relationships span 24 years and thousands of job placements. All employment offers are contingent on the successful completion of a pre- employment criminal background check, in compliance with all applicable federal and state laws. Applicants for employment with Peak Performers must possess work authorization that does not require sponsorship for a visa now or in the future. Peak Performers is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applicants without regard to race, marital status, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability or any other characteristic protected by law. Peak Performers does not accept unsolicited resumes from headhunters, recruitment agencies or fee based recruitment services.