Are you looking to start your career at a place that cares about its employees and invests in you? We are seeking a dynamic individual to join our company as a Field Training Consultant. We are looking for a self-driven, team player who can help us successfully train our new agents within the state of Minnesota, as well as work collaboratively with 16 other trainers across multi-states. In this role, you would have a flexible schedule that supports problem solving and solution based selling skills to sales driven individuals. This will require nights and weekends as well as frequent travel across the state of Minnesota. Strong candidates would have a previous insurance sales background and thrive working autonomously. Company car and cell phone are provided. With Farm Bureau Financial Services, our client/members can feel confident knowing their family, home, cars and other property are protected. We value a culture where integrity, teamwork, passion, service, leadership and accountability are at the heart of every decision we make and every action we take. We’re proud of our more than 75-year commitment to protecting the livelihoods and futures of our client/members and creating an atmosphere where our employees thrive. Think you have what it takes? Do you have a passion for coaching, training and developing sales individuals? Do you have the flexibility to adapt to different surroundings and situations? Do you work well independently? What It Takes to Join Our Team: College degree (Business or Marketing degree preferred) plus five relevant experience required. Insurance/financial service and sales experience preferred. Must have or be able to attain FINRA Series 6 and 63. Must be licensed in all product lines offered by the company in the state currently assigned (Life & Health, Property/Casualty, Commercial, etc.). Must have a valid driver's license What We Offer You: When you’re on our team, you get more than a great paycheck. You’ll hear about career development and educational opportunities. We offer an enhanced 401K with a match, low cost health, dental, and vision benefits, and life and disability insurance options. We also offer paid time off, including holidays and volunteer time, casual Fridays and teams who know how to have fun. If your values align with ours, we invite you to join Farm Bureau Financial Services…where the grass really IS greener!