business analyst chicago, il where great ideas win In every office around the world, InnerWorkings offers an entrepreneurial culture that sets ambitious goals and looks beyond the status quo. At InnerWorkings, we reward sharp, unconventional thinkers who are motivated to create their own success. Our winning culture draws from employees who step up to the challenge of solving tough problems and making a difference. We dream big, so our clients can dream bigger. the job In this non-client facing role for a globally recognized leader in the beer, wine, and spirits industry, the Business Analyst will manage all financial deliverables for a large enterprise client. This person will create and manage all financial reporting in order to propose strategic program enhancements for the client. responsibilities Develop a comprehensive understanding of the contracted deliverables; use systems and reporting to develop and monitor requisite financial as well as job tracking metrics. Deliver analysis for internal and external business reviews. Communicate and monitor open issues for remediation. Utilize historical Brand program data to drive recommendations Identify pre-buy items and make recommendations, based on order history and lead times Run reports to analyze payment terms for suppliers and client Analyze inventory reports and make reorder and obsolescence recommendations requirements 2+ years of experience as a business analyst, project manager or consultant Bachelor’s Degree in Business, Economics, Finance, Computer Science or a related field Proficient in creating and managing various kinds of reporting Extremely high level of written and verbal communication skills; ability to interact across many offices and levels of business Strong analytical skills and extremely detail oriented Ability to professionally drive change and process Strong background in Microsoft Office, with a high proficient in Excel and Access db Working knowledge of Visio is a plus Excellent organizational skills, follow-up, and a proactive work style Entrepreneurial minded with an internal drive to continuously hit goals and succeed Experience excelling within fast paced, high energy environments benefits At InnerWorkings we understand that your life extends beyond the workplace. We value our employees and offer a variety of benefits including health and wellness, time off, volunteer opportunities and retirement plans designed to keep our employees at the top of their game and inspired to be a part of the InnerWorkings team. InnerWorkings is an Equal Opportunity Employer. LI-ET1