At Rational Interaction, we thrive in an innovative, fast-paced environment. We accredit our success and our rapid growth to hiring exceptionally talented, bright, and driven people. General Description We are currently looking for a Full Stack Developer who is a driving force in bringing highly innovative concepts to life online for one of our creative clients based out of Seattle, WA. The expectations are high, but so are the rewards. A full stack developer brings to the role strong analytical skills, solution-oriented development knowledge, and a collaborative attitude that seeks to enable great creative with groundbreaking technology. He or she collaborates closely with development leads, developers, the user experience team, the creative team, and project and account managers to translate creative visions into functional applications. This is a 3 month contract to hire opportunity. What you will do: Design and build enterprise-class applications using best practices in programming methodology. Design new applications using an MVC framework. Model data structures for scalability. Write secure code and architect applications with security and performance as top-of-mind priorities. What you will bring: Expert level understanding of HTML5/CSS3 development and best practices Proven ability to work with standard graphics management packages such as Adobe Photoshop, as well as serve as a consultative resource for designers and user experience architects on the feasibility of interface designs. JavaScript development and best practices, including commonly used libraries (jQuery, Backbone, Angular, etc.) a plus Responsive and/or Adaptive Web development experience required Experience on heavily trafficked websites Ability to understand the scope, budget, and timeline of projects and be able to communicate effectively to ensure smooth delivery. Ability to understand the client’s web design requirements and to verbally communicate them to the rest of the team Knowledge of website optimization best practices Expert application development skills using, C/.NET, SQL Server, and related technologies; coding samples required with résumé Understanding of Agile software development frameworks such as Scrum or Kanban required Familiarity with integrated development environments such as Visual Studio, Eclipse, and version control systems such as SVN, GitHub, and TFS required Ability to adapt quickly to new and changing technical environments as well as strong analytical, problem–solving, and quantitative abilities Solid verbal and written communication skills required Understanding of service-oriented architectures, REST services, and JSON, and how those technologies are applied at scale required Mobile experience a huge plus Experience on scalable, high-volume, internet-facing websites—preferably at the enterprise level—a huge plus Strong API development skills Experience with SQL databases (including T-SQL and creation/use of stored procedures and triggers) in the Microsoft SQL Server family Experience in both web forms and MVC Experience with Entity Framework a plus Experience with current prototyping tools such as InVision and Sketch a plus Education/Experience Requirements This position typically requires a 4 year degree with four-plus years’ experience in presentation layer programming. Who you are: Optimist. You see and focus on the opportunity, not the hurdles. Well-rounded Professional. You have amazing communication and organizational skills along with high EQ. Self-sufficient. You get stuff done, you are able to work with little direct supervision but know when to ask for help. Collaborative to the Core. Demonstrated ability to work in a team environment, as a leader and member. Data Lover. You know your numbers and value the metrics behind the consumer story. Rational is a full service, integrated agency with proven ability to deliver across digital, technical, and ongoing consulting engagements. Each of our business practices are deeply rooted in delivering client success. We see ourselves as partners to our clients, and we invest in each of their business goals, ensuring that our work helps deliver on these goals. Client success is our ultimate metric, and what drives our mindset, skillset, and company culture. We were recently named “Best Places to Work” in the state by the Puget Sound Business Journal.