3Q Digital is Silicon Valley's agency of record, and the way we work reflects our roots: we're relentless, restless, and constantly striving to innovate and drive growth for our clients. We offer full marketing services including SEM, SEO, social advertising, display, mobile advertising, analytics, and business strategy. We work with the fastest-growing B2C, B2B, ecommerce, and lead gen clients in the U.S. We're smart and fast-paced, and we value great client service—which is where you come in. About You As a Data Scientist, you will be tasked with partnering with key internal and client stakeholders and will be responsible for the development of scalable machine learning and predictive modeling solutions. The ideal candidate will be passionate about solving real-world business problems using statical modeling, machine learning, and artificial intelligence techniques and will be able to act as subject matter expert and be a partner to both our internal teams as well as our day-to-day clients and their extended teams. You will need to be good with numbers, love to dig into data to find the story, be detail-oriented, know how to focus on what really matters, and you’ll need to understand the importance of accuracy in the data solutions. You’ll be responsible for: Performing algorithmic modeling for media mix optimization while working with the Decision Sciences and client services team to understand and quantify effects of multi-channel marketing. Designing and developing Machine Learning and AI models and algorithms that drive performance and provide insights, from prototyping to production deployment, across key areas of interest (e.g., bidding optimization, messaging optimization, multi-touch attribution, marketing mix) Integrating with external data sources and APIs to discover interesting trends Designing rich data visualizations to communicate complex ideas to internal and external teams Designing and managing data QA and validation using automation and best practices. Collaborating directly with teams/individuals across the agency to facilitate the design, research, development, and delivery of data statistics, models and client deliverables Taking ownership of the various components of Data Science Life cycle: Data Wrangling, Feature Engineering, Data Visualization (discovery), Model Generation Partnering with our BI team to build and optimize data pipelines and feedback loops into the models Continuous improvement—seeking out opportunities to further develop our analytical, engineering, statistical, etc. toolkit You’ll need to have: A BS in Computer Science, Applied Statistics or related field (MS or PhD preferred); furthermore, you’ll need to have experience in digital marketing experience and marketing mix modeling Expertise in building and applying statistical/mathematical methods, machine learning/predictive modelling with real-world use cases and experience with tools such as R, SAS, SPSS Experience with RDBMS technology and SQL (MS SQL or Snowflake preferred) and knowledge of BI related principles such as ETL, data modeling, & data warehousing Post-grad experience as a Data Scientist, preferably 2+ years of experience, including experience designing statistical models An ability to communicate complex quantitative analysis in a clear, precise, and actionable manner to both technical and non-technical audiences with a desire to work in a collaborative, intellectually curious environment with the ability to interact across various teams An ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously with deadlines and manage changing priorities with minimal supervision and intervention About Us Best in-class digital marketing results require the best-in-class workforce and our best-in-class workforce ultimately drives the culture at 3Q Digital. We’re not just talking good office coffee and happy hours (though we have all of that). Our unique culture is developed and nurtured by the values, beliefs, philosophies, and operating style of our people and core values: Own It, Everyone’s a Client, Do the Math, Act for the Greater Good, and Innovate. We are a collaborative, open-door, best-idea-wins environment that fosters personal and company growth and has fun doing it. We promote work/life balance and encourage constant learning by offering unparalleled training, mentorship, and development for career progression. And perhaps the best, most fundamental part of our culture: authenticity. We say what we mean, and we do what we say. Named 14 on AdAge’s Best Places to Work Competitive compensation and bonuses Benefits include health, dental, vision, a 401K plan, and paid parental leave Student loan & tuition assistance Unlimited PTO Flexible work from home policy Volunteer opportunities, team retreats, and lunch seminars We are based in Silicon Valley, with offices in downtown San Francisco, Chicago, Austin, New York City, San Diego, Raleigh, Charlottesville, and Burlington (VT). Our amazing offices decide their own perks, including office happy hours and events, games, weekly catered lunch, and free snacks. Best-in-class digital marketing results require the best-in-class workforce, and we believe that comes from a diverse mix of backgrounds and experiences. 3Q Digital is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, committed to evaluating all qualified candidates regardless of gender, gender identity, race, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. Furthermore, we believe optimal results come from operating a meritocracy built upon diversity of thought and background and absolutely devoid of discrimination and hate speech. We do everything in our power, including strict adherence to an anti-harassment policy, to make 3Q a welcoming and inclusive organization whose employees feel comfortable respectfully sharing their thoughts with each other and our leadership. Our training and mentorship programs help make sure all employees have an equal opportunity to grow and excel. No agencies please, principals only