Requisition ID: 41265 All Locations: El Segundo, CA (California) A trusted partner. A national resource. A leader in national security space. We are THE Aerospace Corporation. A team that takes pride in our readiness to solve some of the most complex technical challenges in existence. With challenges spanning government to commercial, you’ll have the unique opportunity to work on projects that are literally evolving our nation's space and launch capabilities. We all share a common passion and aspiration – to serve a mission much bigger than ourselves. When you join our team, you’ll be part of a rare collection of thought leaders and game-changing innovators. Are you ready to launch your career? Responsibilities The Imagery Products and Exploitation Department supports multi-sensor data analysis, exploitation and integration across the intelligence, launch support and weather communities. We use our end-to-end knowledge of sensor systems and data analytics to provide independent verification and validation of new sensor concepts, trade studies to determine optimal performance of space and airborne payloads, multi-int geospatial solutions, custom visualizations, launch vehicle debris characterization, and analytical reports for our customers. Key Functions _Candidate will contribute to multiple IPED activities including:_ Design, program and model Geographic Information Systems (GIS)/Geospatial applications or procedures. Create visual representations of geospatial data using complex procedures, such as analytical modeling and three-dimensional renderings or four-dimensional technologies to geospatial data. Provide tailored, timely geospatial intelligence products to support our customers to assist in meeting their missions and goals. Multi-INT image exploitation/data fusion, image registration and geospatial modeling. Apply mathematical principles in the evaluation, development, and selection of image and signal processing techniques for the purpose of target detection and false alarm mitigation for missile warning applications. Use advanced processing techniques like machine learning, computer vision and other artificial intelligence to help solve complex problems Help grow ESD presence at the Western Range and tie ESD staff into Launch and Range support activities. Support Range sustainment and modernization activities. Work with counterpart in Eastern Range, Cape Canaveral, FL. Serve as ETG POC for program directed studies at Vandenberg AFB for launch activities. _Support the Weather Remote Sensing Department in:_ Assist in the development of weather sensor data product code changes for enhanced data product quality, including science testing and evaluation of operational code through validation and verification. Modeling and simulations, test data generation, algorithm performance trade study, and risk assessment for future weather sensor concepts. Help support understanding of numerical weather models and prediction. Participate in day-to-day technical activities and task accomplishments. Monitors and evaluates processes, techniques, and performance. Reviews documentation and delivery of services. Qualifications Required Degree from an accredited university in Remote Sensing, Atmospheric Science, Meteorology or a related Engineering discipline. At least 1 year of experience after obtaining a Bachelor's degree. GIS analysts need to be skilled algorithm developers, understand databases, be able to create well-written and detailed reports, solve technical problems, and use math and statistics to analyze spatial data. Candidate must have familiarization in image georegistration/orthorectification techniques and principles of photogrammetric applications. Experience with video processing to support launch range activities. Experience applying advanced computer processing techniques like machine learning and computer vision to science data. Knowledge of conducting longer-range technical studies, modeling and simulations, test data generation, algorithm performance trade studies and report findings on new technical advances within weather remote sensing. Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with all levels of customers' and corporate staff. Strong verbal and written communication skills and the ability to work interactively and effectively with Air Force, NASA, NOAA and other government customers and with contractor personnel. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Must be able to obtain Secret level clearance with SCI and SSBI accesses. Ability to work independently with minimal supervision. Preferred Advanced degree from an accredited university in Remote Sensing, Atmospheric Science, Meteorology or a related Engineering discipline. 2 or more years of experience after obtaining Bachelor's degree. Transcript Requirement Transcripts are required for this position. Additional Requisition Details System Job Title : MEMBER-TECH STF Clearance Requirement: Secret Access: SCI Polygraph: Counter Intelligence Polygraph Relocation Available: Yes Employment Type: Regular Work Schedule: Full Time Company Statement The Aerospace Corporation has provided independent technical and scientific research, development, and advisory services to national security space programs since 1960. We operate a federally funded research and development center (FFRDC) for the United States Air Force and the National Reconnaissance Office, and support all national security space programs. We also apply more than 50 years of experience with space systems to provide critical solutions to technologically complex systems in such areas as communications, shipping, law enforcement, and cyber, among others. From our inception, our highly skilled technical staff has focused on ensuring the success of every mission and developing the most effective and economic space-related hardware and software in the world. Our greatest asset is the technical expertise of our people. Our state-of-the-art laboratory facilities are staffed by some of the leading scientists in the world. Equal Opportunity Commitment The Aerospace Corporation is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. We believe that a diverse workforce creates an environment in which unique ideas are developed and differing perspectives are valued, producing superior customer solutions. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, gender, gender identity or expression, color, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, or disability status. You can also review The Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law poster and the supplement, as well as the Pay Transparency Policy Statement.