A rising startup here in South Bay who make AR and VR Software for smartphones is looking for a Senior Data Scientist. Their technology uses computer vision and deep learning to capture hand motion with full skeletal tracking. They are looking for a Data Scientist with a strong background in Deep Learning and Computer vision. The projects you work on will involve developing and deploying deep learning models for augmented reality, gaming, and automated driving. So they need someone who is up to date with modern deep learning and computer vision technologies and concepts, who has completed three or more projects in deep learning, tracking, 3D reconstruction, optical flow or any related domains. Skills required are Python and C++, along with TensorFlow, PyTorch, and Caffe. Required Skills & Experience Masters or Ph.D in Computer Science. Strong experience with Python, TensorFlow, and PyTorch Developing and deploying Deep Learning models Strong experience with Computer Vision. Projects in object detection, motion tracking, activity recognition, 3D reconstruction, or deep reinforcement learning Strong communication skills. Project management skills Desired Skills & Experience Experience with C++ Background in robotics, AR and VR, kinematics, or physics. Enjoy challenging work What You Will Be Doing Tech Breakdown 40% Algorithms 30% Research 30% Deployment Daily Responsibilities 80% Development 20% Team Collaboration The Offer Competitive Salary: Up to $200K/year, DOE You will receive the following benefits: Health Benefits 401(k) Plan Free team lunches Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis now and in the future. This position does not offer sponsorship. Workbridge Associates, part of the Motion Recruitment network, provides IT Staffing Solutions (Contract, Contract-to-Hire, and Direct Hire) across 11 major North American markets. Our unique expertise in today’s highest demand tech skill sets, paired with our deep networks and knowledge of our local technology markets, results in an exemplary track record with candidates and clients.