Work is Sweet! 'Quality without Compromise' is not just a motto at See's Candies. It is the most important ingredient in our recipe for success. See's Candies has been in business since 1921 and maintains a reputation for producing the highest quality candy and providing superior customer service. See's is a leader in the confectionary industry with over 250 retail shops across the USA. At See’s Candies the key ingredient to our success is the dedication of our employees. It’s thanks to their passion and commitment that we remain a customer favorite, maintaining quality and integrity in all aspects of our business. The Client Systems Administrator has the unique opportunity to contribute their talent, energy and ideas as we make life a little sweeter, one piece of candy at a time. POSITION OBJECTIVE: This role is responsible for ensuring that 1000+ corporate Windows clients are provided necessary business functions that operate efficiently and securely, and can be easily built and re-built from established and tested images. POSITION RESPONSIBILITIES: Maintain client patch levels per established PCI and guidelines. Ensure daily anti-virus and Endpoint protection system operation on all clients. Prepare, build, test and verify Windows images for each common operating environment used by clients. Package, test and deploy software as required for clients. Provide reports for compliance attestation as well as other assigned reports. Ensure that the client management application maintains an accurate, up-to-date client inventory. Establish and maintain best practices operating procedures for all periodic client management application tasks. Maintain client management application ensuring smooth and efficient operation, resolving technical issues as they arise and applying patches and upgrades as required. Work with IT Support and IT Manager to improve client management application infrastructure as needed. Perform other duties and special projects, as assigned. Job Requirements MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: Minimum 3 years’ experience using a client management application for Endpoint Protection and maintain patch levels in an environment of 1,000+ Windows clients. Minimum 3 years Windows support experience including preparing, building and testing Window images. Endpoint Protection Management experience is a plus. Strong analytical skills with demonstrated problem-solving ability. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Ability to work with minimal direct supervision. NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE. See's is an EOE See’s will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state or federal law (including San Francisco Ordinance 131192 and Los Angeles Municipal Code 189.00).