The Legal Operations Leader will be responsible for improving the overall operations and productivity of the legal function. The role will report to the Associate General Counsel-Corporate Affairs of Corteva Agriscience™, Agriculture Division of DowDuPont™. The position will be based in the Wilmington, DE headquarters or in one of our two business centers in Indianapolis, IN or Johnston, IA with travel between the three locations. Responsibilities Legal Operations Advise on non-legal strategic and operational aspects of operating the Legal Function Work with the Legal management team to meet financial and performance goals Oversee legal technologies and systems to optimize and modernize the delivery of legal services Use data driven metrics to develop recommendations designed to maximize resources and performance Work with other members of Legal to develop process improvements leading to cost reductions and optimization of legal services Maintain and update legal dashboard, metrics and reporting Act as liaison between cross functional partners such as IT, finance, licensing, and sourcing Conduct benchmarking Financial Management Serve as Legal’s primary point of contact with Finance Manage budgeting, forecasting and budget variance analysis for Legal Report legal spend performance monthly Information Technology Serve as Legal’s primary liaison with Information Technology (IT) Partner with IT to assess, choose, deploy and maintain the systems, technology and tools to support legal including future state roadmap with input from legal management including litigation and IP support systems (the latter in collaboration with existing IP Ops leader), knowledge management processes and systems, information and record management systems Job Qualifications Required Experience The successful candidate will have at least five (5) years of legal operations experience within a large corporate legal department or law firm. They will have demonstrated operational, financial, and business acumen and an established ability to use metrics and analytics to design, implement and manage process improvements, personnel optimization and operational efficiency. Preferred experience includes summarizing legal financials and working knowledge of electronic billing, matter management, contract management, and document management systems. The ideal candidate will possess the following characteristics: Strong collaboration skills Strong attention to detail and facility with numbers and financial tools Ability to act as a change agent Experience managing through change and data transfers Ability to lead through influence Work effectively across all levels of global, multi-functional teams Excellent oral and written communication skills Demonstrated project management skills Strong work ethic and excellent organizational skills Ability to build relationships within department and across company General Background and Expertise related to use of innovative technologies in connection with the delivery of legal services (e.g. use of artificial intelligence, automation, block chain and other technologies). Educational/Professional Requirements Bachelor’s degree or equivalent is required. JD, MBA and/or Master’s degree or equivalent in an accounting, financial, operations, administration or project management discipline is preferred. LI-TG1 About DowDuPont DowDuPont (NYSE: DWDP) is a holding company comprised of The Dow Chemical Company and DuPont with the intent to form strong, independent, publicly traded companies in agriculture, materials science and specialty products sectors that will lead their respective industries through productive, science-based innovation to meet the needs of customers and help solve global challenges. For more information, please visit us at www.dow-dupont.com. The positions represented by this job posting are aligned to one of the three divisions, Agriculture, Materials Science or Specialty Products, which are expected to separate from DowDuPont into stand-alone public companies. Information on the division alignment will be provided during the recruitment process.