The Distribution Technician is responsible for the receipt of goods and raw materials, the picking, staging, and shipment of finished goods, as well as the operating and maintaining of production equipment in a safe and efficient manner. Key accountabilities Perform all work in a safe and efficient manner while following documented written procedures Work in a cooperative manner with others to receive raw materials, package finished products, and ship lubricants in a manner that promotes safety and environmental compliance. Comply with BP and OSHA standards Operate forklift or other powered equipment in a safe and efficient manner to load, unload, stack and stage product Maintain equipment, materials, and work areas to ensure they are clean, safe, and organized. Correctly handles and completes all associated paperwork to provide accurate records of daily transactions allowing for prompt inventory control as well as compliance with all local, state, and federal regulations for shipments Set up and operate machinery to inspect, fill, weigh, label, and pack containers with products and materials Observe operations and inspect packaged items for conformance with specifications Able to mathematically prepare and skilfully execute safe practices/procedures for the receiving of packaged raw materials and the packaging and shipment of large quantities of finished goods Essential Education Minimum of a High School diploma or equivalent. Essential experience and job requirements Minimum 3 years experience in a manufacturing environment with production, warehouse, or process experience. Qualified to safely operate a forklift. Ability to operate all packaging and process equipment in a safe and efficient manner following documented written procedures. Must have basic math skills, and good oral and written communication skills. Basic understanding of computer programs (i.e. e-mail, data entry, document review). Ability to work unsupervised and demonstrate Safety Leadership at all times. Other Requirements (e.g. Travel, Location) There are no additional requirements. Please respond with N/A below. Desirable criteria & qualifications Experience in SAP or similar inventory management system. Technical skills, aptitude and the capabilities to perform mechanical work. Demonstrated ability for continuous improvement. Relocation available No Travel required No Is this a part time position? No About BP We are a global energy business involved in every aspect of the energy system. We have 75,000 employees in 80 countries, working towards delivering light, heat and mobility to millions of people, every day. We are one of the very few companies equipped to solve some of the big complex challenges that matter for the future. We have a real contribution to make to the world's ambition of a low carbon future. Join us, and be part of what we can accomplish together. The Downstream segment has global manufacturing and marketing operations. It is the product and service-led arm of BP, made up of three businesses (Fuels, Lubricants, and Petrochemicals). We aim to run safe and reliable operations across all our businesses, supported by leading brands and technologies, to deliver high-quality products and services that meet our customers’ needs. Disciplined execution of our strategy is helping improve our underlying performance, capture opportunities for further growth, generate attractive returns and create a more resilient business that is better able to withstand a range of market conditions; and create opportunities for future growth. BP Lubricants is a world-leading manufacturer, distributor and marketer of premium lubricating oils and greases. As a proud member of the BP group, our global reach extends into 44 countries and we market our products in over 75. It’s a complex operation of many moving parts – made possible by a close-knit network of over 7,000 talented employees across eleven different functions. Among us, you’ll find engineers and technologists. Business managers and analysts. We work in offices, in labs, by the race track and on the shop floor. We’re creators, innovators, thinkers and networkers. Graduates, parents, leaders and experts. We share ideas from every background and support every bold ambition. And we benefit from our combined experience, from every walk of life. Together, we’re keeping the world moving. So we’re immensely proud of what we do. Segment Downstream Closing Date 19-Aug-2018 Disclaimer If you are selected for a position in the United States, your employment will be contingent upon submission to and successful completion of a post- offer/pre-placement drug test (and alcohol screening/medical examination if required by the role) as well as pre-placement verification of the information and qualifications provided during the selection process. The drug screen requires a hair test for which BP must be able to obtain a sufficient hair sample for analysis (~4 cm/1 ½” scalp, or > 2 cm/¾” body – arms & armpits/legs/chest) As part of our dedication to the diversity of our workforce, BP is committed to Equal Employment Opportunity. Applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard for race, color, gender, religion, national origin, disability, veteran status, military status, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any other protected group status. We are also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us or have one of your representatives contact us at BPUSApplicationAssis@bp.com or by telephone at 281.366.1999. Read the Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law poster and the poster supplement - for more information about Equal Employment Opportunities. (Spanish version) BP is an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer. View our policy statement. Eligibility Requirements If you are applying for a position in the United States, you must be at least 18 years of age, legally authorized to work in the United States; and not require sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g., TN, H1B status), now or in the future.