Comcast brings together the best in media and technology. We drive innovation to create the world's best entertainment and online experiences. As a Fortune 50 leader, we set the pace in a variety of innovative and fascinating businesses and create career opportunities across a wide range of locations and disciplines. We are at the forefront of change and move at an amazing pace, thanks to our remarkable people, who bring cutting-edge products and services to life for millions of customers every day. If you share in our passion for teamwork, our vision to revolutionize industries and our goal to lead the future in media and technology, we want you to fast-forward your career at Comcast. Job Summary: Responsible for assisting in the design of system architectures andsolutions to bring to market new innovative products which span webservice offerings. Assists in the planning, designing, integrating,testing, deploying and supporting of products. Helps with testing andoperational activities. Has in-depth experience, knowledge and skills inown discipline. Usually determines own work priorities. Acts asresource for colleagues with less experience.Employees at all levels are expect to: - Understand our Operating Principles; make them the guidelines for howyou do your job- Own the customer experience-think and act in ways that put ourcustomers first, give them seamless digital options at every touchpoint,and make them promoters of our products and services- Know your stuff-be enthusiastic learners, users and advocates of ourgame-changing technology, products and services, especially our digitaltools and experiences- Win as a team-make big things happen by working together and beingopen to new ideas- Be an active part of the Net Promoter System-a way of working thatbrings more employee and customer feedback into the company-by joininghuddles, making call backs and helping us elevate opportunities to dobetter for our customers- Drive results and growth- Respect and promote inclusion and diversity- Do what's right for each other, our customers, investors and ourcommunitiesCore Responsibilities: - Supports the architecture, design, development, qualification anddeployment of applications consistent with product and technicalroadmaps.- Works with engineering project management and principle engineers todeliver applications that meet or exceed product requirements, projectschedules and reliability.- Develops and applies performance and bandwidth models for interactiveapplications to document network impacts.- Works with the product development and operations teams to definetechnical requirements to accompany existing product and operationrequirements. Designs and develops use cases in support of the technicalrequirements. Transforms technical requirements into architectures.- Defines and documents a detailed design to meet technical requirementsand architecture.- Assists in vendor technical selection and management including inputto specifications and vendor evaluation. Interfaces with outside teamsin the development of internal and third party software to support thedetailed designs.- Interfaces with Company test teams to validate Company test plans andprocedures are representative of fully exercising and validating theproduct features and capabilities.- Works closely with development, integration and test teams to ensureproduct quality. Prepares deliverables for trial and market readiness.- Drives the continuous improvement of deployed systems by consistentlylooking for ways to reduce costs and improve efficiency.- Supports operations by providing deployment and sustained engineeringsupport for all responsible systems and technologies. Diagnoses andresolves escalated field issues.- Consistent exercise of independent judgment and discretion in mattersof significance.- Regular, consistent and punctual attendance. Must be able to worknights and weekends, variable schedule(s) as necessary.- Other duties and responsibilities as assigned.Job Specification: - Bachelors Degree or Equivalent- Engineering, Computer Science- Generally requires 5-8 years related experience Comcast is anEOE/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT employerand all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, race, creed, color, national origin, ancestry, marital status, affectional or sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, nationality, sex or any other legally protected category.