Global Head of Talent Integration In 2017 Wayfair onboarded over 5,000 full time team members. In our rapidly growing organization how effectively and quickly we can onboard, train and ramp new hires is critical to our success. Wayfair is looking for a senior leader to lead the design, development and implementation of a world class onboarding strategy to enable and prepare team members to support our rapidly growing organization. This role will partner with the senior leader team across multiple departments to identify key factors for success on our teams, help expand our corporate onboarding program and develop department and subject specific onboarding (e.g., a global analyst program) in conjunction with department leaders. This individual will be responsible for designing and hiring a team to support the global onboarding efforts and will work closely with other Learning & Development team members, the broader Talent leadership group and the executive team of Wayfair. In addition to managing onboarding this leader is responsible for the existing L&D; operations team. In this capacity, the leader will need to help develop the product road map for L&D;, leverage new technologies where appropriate and ensure efficiency in delivery of L&D; programs to a 7,700+ employee org across five countries. The ideal candidate is a collaborative team player who has the confidence and experience to interface with leaders across the company. This role requires strategic thinking, strong business acumen, excellent communication skills, planning/project management skills, product knowledge and comfort working in an entrepreneurial fast-paced environment. This role reports into Wayfair’s Global Head of Talent. Responsibilities: Full ownership of Wayfair’s global onboarding needs, including development and launch of new and ongoing programming Build onboarding specific L &D; team Lead existing L&D; operations team Develop product roadmap for L&D; operations Partner with SVP’s, VP’s and Directors to design both corporate and department specific onboarding programs Develop analytic framework to evaluate leadership programs Qualifications: 8+ years professional experience in consulting, leadership, or leadership development MBA preferred Passion for leadership and management development Experienced in analytics Excellent interpersonal and team building skills Entrepreneurial-minded, resourceful, and action-oriented Senior presence: ability to work side-by-side with senior executives No formal L &D; experience required About Wayfair Inc. Wayfair believes everyone should live in a home they love. Through technology and innovation, Wayfair makes it possible for shoppers to quickly and easily find exactly what they want from a selection of more than 10 million items across home furnishings, décor, home improvement, housewares and more. Committed to delighting its customers every step of the way, Wayfair is reinventing the way people shop for their homes - from product discovery to final delivery. The Wayfair family of sites includes: Wayfair, an online destination for all things home Joss & Main, where beautiful furniture and finds meet irresistible savings AllModern, unbelievable prices on everything modern Birch Lane, a collection of classic furnishings and timeless home décor Perigold, unparalleled access to the finest home décor and furnishings Wayfair generated $5.2 billion in net revenue for the twelve months ended March 31, 2018. Headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts with operations throughout North America and Europe, the company employs more than 8,700 people.