About Chicago Public Media _To nourish the public conversation by telling the stories_ _that matter—stories that provoke thought, entertain, capture emotion and inspire action._ _Chicago Public Media Mission Statement_ Who is Chicago Public Media? Chicago Public Media is one of the largest, most decorated, aggressively creative, and journalistically ambitious public radio organizations in the nation. We are home to WBEZ, Chicago’s NPR news station, celebrating our 75th year anniversary broadcasting at 91.5 FM, and Vocalo Radio, Chicago’s Urban Alternative music station at 91.1 FM. We are the birthplace of such celebrated programs as _This American Life, Wait,Wait…Don’t Tell Me!, Sound Opinions, Curious City_ and most recently, a growing portfolio of podcasts that include _Serial,_ the “Making” series, including _Making Obama_ and _Making Oprah, and The Trouble with Shannon Cason._ WBEZ’s award-winning newsroom is growing in order to tackle the stories that matter most to our community. As an essential source of news and context, we are a powerful connector among lines of difference. An opportunity to make an impact At Chicago Public Media, we believe independent journalism is essential to a well-functioning democracy and access to fact-based, objective news and information a right of every citizen. We serve the public interest by creating diverse, compelling content that informs, inspires and enriches. We connect diverse audiences and help them make a difference in our communities, our region and our world. If you are inspired by our mission and want to belong to an organization that inspires you, supports you, and challenges you, we encourage you to apply. About The Role We are seeking a full-stack web developer to join our team. This role will support critical areas of our website including our content pages, on-site audio player, donation page, member center, and organization information. This role is integral to successfully serving our audience through a variety of platforms: our WBEZ website, our CPM website, our on-site digital audio technologies (streaming, podcasting, and on-demand audio players), and third- party platform integration (NPR properties, podcast players, and smart speakers). Additionally, this role will help maintain and advance our back-end core applications including a custom content management system, third-party payment processing, CRM, identity management, and analytics/data management tools. You’ll have the opportunity to influence decisions in areas spanning development and testing processes, release management, software/application selection, technical architecture, and sprint planning. Candidates in this role will work closely with the members of the Product, Editorial, Fundraising, and Membership and Marketing teams and will work as part of a small and highly nimble team. This position is based in Chicago. Responsibilities: Lead the design and implementation of high quality full stack software solutions by delivering production-ready error-free code Enhance and maintain both internal and customer facing products and services Help improve existing products and services to increase reliability and performance Research emerging tools, trends, and methodologies to enhance existing systems and processes Develop, test and deploy code Provide guidance and make recommendations for our technical architecture Advocate for high quality engineering for all feature development at all stages in the product life cycle Support the growth of fellow engineers and product team members Qualifications: 5+ years of software development experience BA or equivalent training and experience Experience with every stage of software development process: design, architecture, code reviews, testing, deployment, monitoring, documentation Candidates should have experience with the following technologies: Linux / Apache / MySQL / PHP stack administration and development Linux command line NodeJS front and backend ecosystem (npm, browserify, gulp) Drupal HTML / CSS / Javascript Google Analytics / Google Tag Manager AWS (CloudFront, RDS, Lambda, Elastic Beanstalk) Git source code management Candidates possessing some experience with the following are preferred, but these skills are not required: Java (Spring framework) Ruby / Python Cordova / AngularJS Third-party applications: Salesforce JanRain Vantiv and other payment technologies Experience working with and building automated testing scripts preferred Experience working with non-technical stakeholders to identify and clarify critical business requirements Clear communication skills. Able to communicate technical concepts to non-technical people Comfortable working in a highly multi-tasked environment Comfortable working in an agile development process Working at Chicago Public Media We at Chicago Public Media care deeply about our employees as we know attracting, developing and growing talent is key to our success and enhancing our impact. Our culture is one where collaboration, ideas, and innovation are encouraged. We value colleagues who will enhance our culture by bringing new ideas, diverse experiences and talents to our dynamic workplace. Chicago Public Media’s dedication to promoting diversity, multiculturalism, and inclusion is reflective across our brands, WBEZ 91.5 FM and Vocalo 91.1 FM, in our staff and in our work. We are fully focused on equality of opportunity and believe deeply in diversity of race, gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, national origin and all other fascinating characteristics that make us different. At Chicago Public Media we believe dedication to a great workplace includes supporting our employees and their families. As a result, we provide a broad and generous benefits package for you at hire and in the years to come. Our benefits include: 6 weeks fully paid family leave 12 weeks paid maternity leave High quality Medical, Dental, and Vision plans at an affordable cost A 403(b)retirement plan with a company match Generous paid time off, including starting with 3 weeks’ vacation and 4 personal days