Functional Area: OP - Operations Estimated Travel Percentage (%): No Travel Relocation Provided: No American General Life Insurance Company Your contribution at AIG As a contributor at AIG you are the one the clients turn to in times of need. You act with speed, composure, compassion and knowledge to solve problems and the work you do every day is the heart of AIG’s business. Position Summary At AIG we are looking for candidates who have both the skills and passion to help us achieve excellence. As a QA Analyst in the New Business operations Group, you will be responsible for ensuring that all process and procedures have been followed accurately and by the issue of a contract ensure the clients contract is accurate by all accounts. In this position you will be responsible for the review of Variable, Index and Fixed Annuity qualitative review as the final step in the new business process prior to the shipment of the contract to the client. This includes reviewing the application and transfer documents for accuracy against keyed information into Navisys and OaSys platforms, identify issues, identify errors and returned to New Business processor or Approve for Issue. Knowledge of complying with various state and/or product requirements is essential, verification of the application data in to multiple databases is also a key component in this position. You will attend training courses as deemed appropriate for their level of system and product knowledge. Once the individual has successfully completed assigned training courses, they would be partnered with a QA associate for approximately 1-2 weeks or until the new employee has gained the requisite skills and confidence (as determined by management) to be on their own. Depending on the business need, work scheduled could start as early as 6:00am and end as late as 8:00pm. Schedules will be determined based on business need. Organizational Structure This position reports to a Manager and will work closely with other operations staff. Performance Objectives Review documents against system input for accuracy. Identify any errors and return to New Business processor to be re-worked. Comply with various state and/or product requirements. Accurately input personal processing data into various production databases. Consistently meet goals and deadlines, department standards for quality and productivity. Provide consistent high- level of customer service by issuing contracts free from errors. The Ideal Candidate Will Have: Strong PC skills Ability to multi task at a high level with accuracy Demonstrate and practice strong written and oral communication skills Demonstrate effective organizational, time management and prioritization skills Demonstrate on a consistent basis follow through skills Demonstrate the ability to adapt to change to meet the needs of the client and department Demonstrate the ability to work independently and in a team environment. Benefits: 24 days of paid time off annually (PTO), holiday pay, automatic 3% 401K contribution. Additional 6% company 401K match program (100% vesting from day 1), medical, dental, vision, life insurance and more.... It has been and will continue to be the policy of American International Group, Inc., its subsidiaries and affiliates to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We provide equal opportunity to all qualified individuals regardless of race, color, religion, age, gender, gender expression, national origin, veteran status, disability or any other legally protected categories. At AIG, we believe that diversity and inclusion are critical to our future and our mission – creating a foundation for a creative workplace that leads to innovation, growth, and profitability. Through a wide variety of programs and initiatives, we invest in each employee, seeking to ensure that our people are not only respected as individuals, but also truly valued for their unique perspectives. We consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable law.