Since 1851, MassMutual’s commitment has always been to help people protect their families, support their communities, and help one another. This is why we want to inspire people to Live Mutual. We at MassMutual value diversity and inclusion. We’re people helping people. A career with us means you will work alongside exceptional people and be empowered to reach your professional and personal goals. Our employees are the foundation of what makes MassMutual a strong, stable and ethical business. We seek and value unique and varied perspectives and experiences because we believe we are stronger when all voices are heard. We invite you to bring your bright, innovative ideas to MassMutual as we continue to help millions of Americans rely on each other. Together, we’re stronger. Description OVERALL RESPONSIBILITY: Understand and identify key business questions which can be answered through data to drive growth and profitability Execute analyses via advanced analytics tools such as SQL and R Build and enhance interactive reports to empower the DTC leadership and operations teams Contribute to the next-gen BI platform transformation for DTC Deliver concise, clear and actionable presentations to decision-makers Participate in documentation and process integration, in order to continuously improve efficiency and data quality CANDIDATE QUALIFICATIONS: 1-3 years’ experience in Direct/Digital Marketing Analytics, Web Analytics or Customer Analytics; statistical modeling experience a plus Fast learner and a strong problem solver; ability to operate in a fast-paced environment Strong programming skills in SQL, R or similar tools; experience in Python a plus Experience in prototyping and developing reports using data visualization tools such as Tableau Knowledge of Google Analytics and/or Snowplow a strong plus Strong written & oral communication, and collaboration skills that enable clear and concise communication of data issues and analyses that can be understood by a broad audience Ability to build and maintain strong working relationships across cross-functional groups; experience in an Agile environment a plus College degree required; Master’s degree preferred Must be authorized to work in the US without sponsorship now or in the future Ranked No. 77 in the annual FORTUNE ® 500 Ranking (FORTUNE ® Magazine, June 2017) and recognized as a World’s Most Ethical Company by Ethisphere, MassMutual is guided by a single purpose: We help people secure their future and protect the ones they love. As a company owned by our policyowners, we are defined by mutuality and our vision to put customers first. It’s more than our company structure – it’s our way of life. We are a company of people protecting people. Our company exists because people are willing to share risk and resources, and rely on each other when it counts. At MassMutual, we Live Mutual. CORE VALUES Focus on the Customer: We understand our customers well and look for every opportunity to deliver an experience that is clear, easy, personal, human, empowering and trustworthy. Act with Integrity: We deliver on our promises by being open, honest and humble and by adhering to the letter and spirit of applicable laws, rules, regulations and company policies. Value People: We respect and learn from each other’s diverse backgrounds, experiences and ideas. We engage and develop people to their greatest potential. Work Collaboratively: We work together to achieve results by actively listening, seeking, understanding and creating solutions as a unified team driving toward one company, one culture, one brand. Achieve Results: We focus on winning by exceeding expectations and getting better – everyone, every day. For more information, visit www.massmutual.com or find us on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, YouTube, Google+, Instagram and Pinterest. _MassMutual is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer_ _Minority/Female/Sexual_ _Orientation/Gender Identity/Individual with Disability/Protected Veteran. We welcome all persons to apply._