Do you enjoy using your quantitative and analytical skills to find and solve big problems? Are you interested in driving data-based decisions to tackle strategic challenges? The Workforce Data Insights Team within the Human Resources Business Insights group supports Microsoft HR’s global businesses by applying analytics and research to the multi-faceted people agenda. We are looking for a passionate practitioner to partner with our Engineering organizations on this work. Responsibilities In this role you will be challenged to: Design analytical approach, and deliver research and findings using data, visualizations, and effective storytelling techniques. Translate findings into succinct, actionable business insights, often in coordination with partners who help you tell a holistic story. Apply a breadth of tools and analytical techniques to answer a wide range of high-impact people-related business questions. Critically evaluate information gathered from multiple sources and reconcile conflicts. Educate clients on self-service solutions. Solve sometimes ambiguous business problems by formulating and facilitating solutions that realize the needs and provide for the requirements arising in the organization. Effectively contract and communicate with customers, partners, and co-workers to define deliverables, timelines, and responsibilities. Express own point of view with confidence. Be imaginative, enthusiastic, courageous and show high creativity and initiative Qualifications Minimum Requirements/Qualifications include but are not limited to: 5-7 years progressive work experience applying analytical methods to business problems, driving improved decision-making and outcomes preferred Experience with implementing initiatives or impacting business decisions using data BA/BS degree with a Masters strongly preferred Demonstrated ability to work in ambiguous situations and across organizational boundaries. Exceptional customer focus and project management skills – able to interact and contract professionally with a diverse group of executives, managers, and subject matter experts Strong attention to detail and high commitment to accuracy and auditing Willingness to adapt quickly to shifting business priorities In-depth experience with Excel including pivot tables, lookups, graphing and charting functionality Excited about technology, including Microsoft products (e.g. Power BI) This description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by an employee within this position. The actual duties, responsibilities and qualifications may vary based on assignment or group. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.