Company Overview Since 1985, Medical Consultants Network (MCN) has been a premier provider of medical judgment services, addressing injury and disability claims for thousands of clients. We have regional offices that service all 50 states and have a network of more than 20,000 evaluating consultants to perform independent medical evaluations. Check us out at www.mcn.com and read our blog at www.mcntalk.com Medical Consultants Network (MCN) was recently acquired by Mitchell International, Inc. Mitchell International, Inc. is a leading provider of information and workflow solutions to the Property & Casualty Claims Industry and their supply chain partners. We solve interesting and complex problems that directly affect the customers our clients serve. We are constantly adapting to stay on the forefront of emerging technologies and we work diligently to maintain our position as a thought leader within our industry. We offer competitive pay coupled with a benefits program that includes paid leave, paid holidays, medical, dental, group-term life insurance, long-term disability, optional additional life insurance and short-term disability, a flexible spending account, 401(k) with employer matching, and a subsidized regional transit pass. Job Description Medical Consultants Network is looking for a Medical Scheduler for their Independent Review Organization Team. For this job to be done well, we need someone with solid computer skills, outstanding customer service, and comfort using the telephone. This job also requires quite a bit of common sense, so don't try to fake it, we have good radars. No previous industry experience is required to do this job. Some things you will be doing are : Screening incoming review requests for completeness of materials required to conduct the review of the case. Preparing, organizing, distributing and presenting records, materials and forms required for a complete case review packet for providers. Identifying appropriate providers for case review or examination assignments including: determining their availability for a review or examination assignment and obtaining information for delivery of the case to the provider if applicable. Contacting clients to resolve questions, obtaining information and records and/or materials needed for a case review, and resolving issues about active cases. Actively participate in the Complaint Process and Provider Relations assessment process. Assist IRO team in additional ways necessary. Compensation Range: $15-16/hr. Qualifications 0-2 years of relevant experience Bachelor's Degree is preferred Ability to juggle several high priority tasks at once Experience using Microsoft Suite (Outlook, Word, Excel)