You're the brains behind our work. You'’re ready to bring your knowledge from the classroom to the boardroom, and Citi wants to help you get there. Whether it’s honing your skills or building your network, we know that success can’'t come without growth. Our programs equip you with the knowledge and training you need to play a valuable role on your team, and establish a long-term career here. At Citi, we value internal mobility, and career growth is not a question of if, but when. Citi’'s Enterprise Operations & Technology (EO&T;) group is looking for Analysts to join it's Leadership Development Program. The Full Time Analyst position(s) are a two-year rotational program with a variety of different tracks available. The program starts in the summer following graduation with an intensive one-week orientation where you will learn more about our business, strategy, and shared vision. Enterprise Operations and Technology (EO&T;) plays a central role in driving value for Citi and it's clients. EO&T; provides a foundation that enables Citi to achieve its day-to-day operational and long-term growth goals, enabling execution of Citi’'s Strategy. With over 113,000 employees in 99 countries, Citi’s EO&T; is one of the largest single organizations in the world. Enterprise O&T; includes the following functional areas: Citi Technology Infrastructure (CTI) provides a critical technical foundation for the firm's operations through the infrastructure that runs business and general user computing services. Chief Technology Office (CTO) Digital Studio supports the production of modern, transformative products & experiences through strategic marketing, digital communication, and innovation. The Global Digital Strategy (GDS) team drives digital transformation across Citi. It works across business lines, regions, and functions, to promote digital initiatives, capabilities, and transformation. Citi Shared Services (CSS) provides services that deliver business and economic value to enable Citi’'s growth. Services may include regulatory reporting, compensation & benefits, and global travel. Enterprise Supply Chain (ESC) is responsible for support of the end-to-end supplier lifecycle process, from supplier risk assessment, to competitive bidding and selection, contracting and payment. Citi Realty Services (CRS) is dedicated to providing real estate services and premises that are cost effective, safe, productive, and valued by it's customers. Information Protection Directorate (IPD) is responsible for analyzing cyber threat information designed to increase Citi's cyber threat awareness and protection levels. Operations &Technology; Risk and Control (OTRC) protects Citi from risks that might arise from the execution of O&T;’'s day-to-day responsibilities. Citi Productivity is a global organization that reports to the CEO of Citigroup and engages in corporate priority projects with business, function and region senior leadership teams. Resource & Location Strategy (R&LS;) creates value for Citi'’s businesses by partnering to deliver "the right resources, from the right source of supply, in the right location, for the right cost at the right time."