Data Engineer Department: Information Technology Job Status: Full Time FLSA Status: Exempt Reports To: Assoc. Dir. IT Job Type: Regular Amount of Travel Required: none Work Schedule: M-F Supervises Others: No POSITION SUMMARY Work with data, pipelines and analytics across our web properties, CRM platform, and member services. Enhance organizational strategy and tactics by providing actionable recommendations to business groups. Support ECRI Institute’s 50-year mission of advancing effective evidence-based healthcare worldwide. Partner closely with IT Platform & Software Engineers and our respected and accomplished business partners, all working onsite at ECRI’s scenic suburban world headquarters in Plymouth Meeting, PA. Benefit from a healthy work-life balance while staying on the leading edge of technology and thriving in an innovative startup-like culture minus the risk. Sleep well knowing you are helping achieve a world where safe, high-quality healthcare is accessible to everyone. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS Reasonable Accommodations Statement To accomplish this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform, with or without reasonable accommodation, each essential function satisfactorily. Reasonable accommodations may be made to help enable qualified individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Essential Functions Statements(s) Assemble large, complex data sets that meet functional / non-functional business requirements. Perform root cause analysis on internal and external data and processes to answer specific business questions and identify opportunities for improvement. Identify, design, and implement internal process improvements: automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability, etc. Gather and document business requirements. Support and work with cross-functional teams. Support bug fixes and implement enhancements to existing systems. Participate in team meetings and code reviews. Create and troubleshoot simple to advanced level SQL scripts. Adhere to ECRI platform, standards, and best practices. Work independently and within a team when needed. Participate in personal growth opportunities. Qualifications POSITION QUALIFICATIONS Experience: 3-5 years of recent experience in least three modern languages and frameworks such as: Python, C, Node.JS, .NET Core, ASP.NET Core, Angular/TypeScript, RxJS, React, Swift, Kotlin. Experience with relational SQL and NoSQL databases, such as SQL Server, PostgreSQL and Cassandra. Experience in SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS) and some other business analytics tool such as: Tableau, Power BI and QlikView. Experience with agile methodologies. Desire to learn and grow professionally. Critical Skills Efficiently communicate complex ideas, learn from others, and adopt standards. Analyze large amounts of data: facts, figures, and numbers to find conclusions and actionable recommendations for business groups. Troubleshoot and effectively diagnose and fix problems. Attention to details. Beneficial Additional Knowledge and Skills (not required): Familiarity with DevOps technologies such as Containers, Kubernetes, Chef, Puppet, Ansible. Familiarity with CI/CD pipelines. Healthcare business experience. Experience building SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) packages. Building, deploying and scheduling reports using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS). SharePoint development. Experience with CRM tools such as: Microsoft Dynamics 365 or Salesforce Education: Associate/Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related major degree OR Equivalent professional experience. PHYSICAL DEMANDS N (Not Applicable) Activity is not applicable to this position. O (Occasionally) Position requires this activity up to 33% of the time (0 - 2.5+ hrs/day) F (Frequently) Position requires this activity from 33% - 66% of the time (2.5 - 5.5+ hrs/day) C (Constantly) Position requires this activity more than 66% of the time (5.5+ hrs/day) Please change letter assigned to each physical demand to reflect job: Physical Demands Stand O Lift/Carry Walk F 10 lbs or less O Sit C 11-20 lbs N Manually Manipulate C 21-50 lbs N Grasp O 51-100 lbs N Reach Outward O Over 100 lbs N Reach Above Shoulder N Speak C Push/Pull Climb N 12 lbs or less N Crawl N 13-25 lbs N Squat or Kneel N 26-40 lbs N Bend N 41-100 lbs N Other Physical Requirements Vision (Near) WORK ENVIRONMENT Typical Office Environment Last Revised: _5/21/18__