Systems Administrators embrace Google's motto to ensure millions of users can access the world's information without a glitch. As a Corp IAM Systems Administrator at Google, you own and support the needs of one of Google's server infrastructure systems. You're highly technical and work directly with other server and service owners to ensure reliability and sustainability of the Google service infrastructure as well as compliance with internal policies. Success in this role means you are able to support servers in a mixed operating system environment and work efficiently with our internal technology providers as well as other operations groups. Googlers rely on your guidance when it comes to design decisions so you'll have a direct impact in keeping the business productive. The Identity and Access Management team's job is to ensure we define, build, and optimize the support, policies, processes, documentation, and tools necessary to ensure Google’s account infrastructure efficiently and reliably scales to manage accounts and access. Corp IAM (Integrated Asset Management) Operations define, build, and optimize the support, policies, processes, documentation, and tools to ensure Google’s account infrastructure efficiently and reliably scales to manage accounts and access. Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible. Responsibilities Identify and problem solve complex, systemic issues spanning multiple systems and teams as they relate to identity, accounts, authentication, and access. This may include designing systems or services from ground up. Provide overall direction and insight into the IAM functions across the organization, including areas such as Federation, Authentication / Authorization, Security and Provisioning Identity Data. Remediate escalated service issues related to new accounts or account changes (break/fix), then design processes or technical solutions to prevent them from recurring. Automate and/or execute IT infrastructure-related projects such as platform migrations and information security policy updates. Develop processes, policies, tools and solutions to increase the operational efficiency and effectiveness of identity, accounts, authentication, and access management with a focus on excellent user journeys or experiences. Innovate and design new internal solutions that allow us to scale. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, or a related technical field, or equivalent practical experience. Industry experience in a Technical Support, Professional Services, Engineering, Sustaining Engineering and/or Systems Engineering capacity. Preferred qualifications: 5 years of industry experience in technical support, professional services, engineering, sustaining engineering, or systems engineering. Hands-on experience implementing, troubleshooting, and supporting Internet-based applications, web servers, mail servers (e.g., Exchange, Lotus, sendmail, or Postfix), and Linux/UNIX operating systems. Network troubleshooting skills with protocols such as BGP and VRRP. Strong System Administration skills with understanding of IP network administration. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.