Global Eagle is a leading provider of satellite-based broadband connectivity, television and entertainment services, content and data analytics to aviation, maritime, enterprise and government markets. Global Eagle offers a fully integrated portfolio of rich media content and high-speed connectivity solutions for airlines, private jets, cruise lines, commercial ships, super- yachts, ferries, enterprise, government and military installations worldwide with proprietary performance-enhancing technologies and exclusive access to premium media. With 1,500 employees on six continents and leading global satellite and ground networks, the company delivers exceptional service and concierge support to its customers. Find out more at www.globaleagle.com Role Summary _The Lead Cloud Architect is responsible for the entirety of cloud computing initiatives within GE enterprise and for directing the architectural aspects of a cloud brokering team across all aspects of IT and the business. Lead Cloud Architect is overseeing enterprise's cloud computing strategy which includes cloud adoption plans, cloud application design, and cloud infrastructure management and monitoring. Additionally, lead cloud architects act as consultants to organization and need to stay up-to-date on the latest technology trends and issues._ Key Responsibilities Defines, explains, advocates cloud architecture and technology strategy. Develops and communicates cloud architectural policies, standards, guidelines, and procedures. Design of GE’s Cloud environments and demonstrate Technical Cloud Architectural knowledge, playing a vital role in the design of production, staging, QA and development Cloud Infrastructures running in 24x7 environments. Delivery of GE Cloud Strategies, aligned with business objectives. Works on highly complex projects that require in-depth knowledge across multiple specialized of cloud architecture domains. Provide leadership in infrastructure migration methodologies and techniques including mass application movements into the cloud within in large regulated enterprise environments. Promotes the cloud migration process, outcomes, and results to the organization and senior leadership. Leads and facilitates the creation of governing principles to guide cloud solutions decision making. Works with VP of Enterprise Architecture to drive the cloud environment governance processes. Manages exceptions to architectural standards at an enterprise level. Reviews and/or analyzes and develops cloud architectural requirements as needed for the organization. Ensures the conceptual completeness of the cloud technical solutions. Leads teams in developing cloud technology plans. Recommends and may approve modification of the enterprise architecture to accommodate cloud project needs. Provides cloud strategic consultation to business and IT leaders. Advises on options, risks, costs versus benefits, system impacts, and technology priorities. Works with business leaders to understand business requirements and help them understand how cloud technology tradeoffs influence strategy. Develops a communication plan for cloud architecture at the enterprise level. Directs the research and evaluation of emerging cloud technology, industry, and market trends. Ensures recommendations are based on business relevance, appropriate timing, and deployment. Works with senior leadership to approve allocation of budget to meet cloud architectural initiatives critical to business/mission success. Collaborates with project management and IT leaders to ensure progress towards cloud architectural alignment with project goals and requirements. In addition, you will also be able to demonstrate: Passionate, persuasive, articulate cloud professional capable of quickly establishing interest and credibility in how to design, deploy and operate cloud based Architectures. You are neutral toward technology, vendor and product choices, and more interested in results than in personal preference You are unflappable in the face of opposition to architectural ideals, but maintain a positive and constructive approach You have experience developing and working in partnership with external consultancies and strategic technology partners You can demonstrate effectiveness at driving short-term actions that are consistent with long-term goals You have a deep understanding of current industry-standard cloud architecture, platforms and solutions that support global businesses, as well as experience applying current and emerging technology trends and developments to business challenges You will have superb social skills, be excellent at influencing and motivating individuals and teams, and be able to communicate high level concepts to senior leaders whilst also being able to delve into detail of complex changes as needed You are self-motivated, with a "can do" attitude and an ability to make progress when faced with ambiguity Experience in working across cultures, in different countries Passion for progress The essence of progress is that it can’t stop. Grow with it and own your own progress Hold strong opinions lightly Qualifications/Experience Formal Education Bachelor’s degree in computer science, information systems, computer engineering, system analysis, or a related field, or equivalent work experience. Knowledge & Experience 15 or more years of IT and business/industry work experience including architecture design and deployment, systems lifecycle management, and infrastructure planning and operations. At lease, 5 years' experience as a Cloud Architect with focus on AWS/Azure/Google platforms, IaaS/PaaS/SaaS environments. Leadership experience in managing multiple, large, cross-functional teams or projects, and influencing senior level management and key stakeholders. Requires exposure to multiple, diverse technologies and processing environments. Knowledge of all components of holistic cloud architecture, business re-engineering principles and processes, and basic knowledge of financial models and budgeting. Seasonal Cloud Solution Architect experience focus on AWS or Azure cloud would be a plus. Skills/Interests Strong presentation and interpersonal skills. Strong written and oral communication skills. Ability to present ideas in user-friendly language. Work Conditions Overtime hours as required. Sitting for extended periods of time. Dexterity of hands and fingers to operate a computer keyboard, mouse, and to handle other computer components. Physical Demands Lifting and transporting of moderately heavy objects, such as computers, devices, and peripherals The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. This is largely a sedentary role; however, some filing is required. This would require the ability to lift files, open filing cabinets and bend or stand on a stool as necessary. Please note : Only shortlisted candidates will be contacted.