Google Technical Services: Professional Services (gPS) is a team of solution- oriented trusted advisors supporting millions of users worldwide. Our consultative services take our deep technical and product expertise and combine it with our powerful understanding of our customer’s needs and goals to solve their biggest business challenges allowing them to grow and get the most out of Google solutions. The Google Technical Services; Professional Services team is a solution- generating force that helps our sales teams and advertisers. These solutions need to be scalable to support millions of customers worldwide. We work with Sales, Product and Engineering teams within Google to develop better tools and services to improve our products based on the evolving needs of our users. As a cross-functional and global team, it's our job to help keep the lights on and the ads fresh. The gPS Scaled Services team provides scaled expertise across all Google ads products. As a Process Specialist you will work on Google Shopping Operations. This is an interesting area where the team works on delivering Partner Support, Campaign and Feed Management services for advertisers across various tiers. You will be responsible for working closely with the relevant business stakeholders as a trusted partner and help build the right processes which deliver the right business impact for Google. Google Technical Services is a global support and operations team, with a mission to delight our customers with care so good, it’s got to be Google. Our team is the face of Google to most of our customers, and we want their Google support experience to set new standards, just like Google’s products do. Our team cares for customers by solving problems and scaling solutions, incubating new Google products, and sharing user feedback with internal teams to influence product development. We support a wide variety of products, from Ads to Project Fi and just about everything in between, and our customers include advertisers, consumers, partners, publishers, retailers, and our own Sales Googlers. Responsibilities Collaborate with business partner to build and maintain a relevant menu of services that the Operations team needs to deliver. Develop relationships between Shopping Operations business stakeholders and the global Shopping Operations teams to drive process excellence for ongoing operations and to drive transition management for those that are scaling up. Work with vendor managers on process and delivery betterments for ongoing operational needs. Work jointly with business partners to identify and agree on quarterly goals and report progress on them. Take responsibility for identifying, escalating and resolving challenges rapidly. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. 6 years of experience in Process Engineering or Transition Management, working in global outsourced operations. Experience working with business stakeholders. Preferred qualifications: Six Sigma certification (or other relevant operations coursework). 3 years of analytical work experience; understanding customer needs and working with data to identify trends and then develop solutions. Project management, customer service, process quality and process optimization experience. Knowledge of Shopping Operations related products within the industry. Basic knowledge of SQL. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.