Position Summary Responsible for managing the Call Center, Walk-In Center/Business Support and Payment Center divisions within the Customer Service Department, which are responsible for over 500,000 customer contacts annually and the processing of over $280 million in Utility payments for the City of Garland. Also, responsible for providing goals, strategies, short and long term planning, policies, budget management and suggesting recommendations to management regarding the means of accomplishing City goals and enhancing service provided to the City’s utility customers. Number of Direct Reports (include titles): 1-Supervisor Call Center, 1-Supervisor Customer Service, 1-Supervisor Payment Center Number of Indirect Reports (include titles): 2-Contact Center Representative II, 22-Contact Center Representative I, 4- Lead Contact Center Representative, 2-Payment Center Representative II, 8-Payment Center Representative I Essential Job Functions Oversee the selection, management, technical guidance and evaluation of supervisory and professional staff. Assign, direct, monitor, coordinate and review the work of staff that address customer contacts, and process utility payments. Evaluate staff performance, assess training needs and develop improvements to workflow. Review and evaluate utility account information to determine correct utility billing charges, communicate and/or negotiate with customers and adjust charges as appropriate. Address all escalated issues referred to by upper management and/or elected officials which require higher level of authority. Develop and implement long-term goals, objectives, policies and priorities for three divisions. Coordinate activities of three divisions with other City departments and outside groups to execute long term planning objectives. Research, evaluate and recommend options for industry or service trends and assess potential for local implementation. Set expectations and time requirements for projects and tasks; review personnel schedules and assign personnel to tasks as needed. Assist department director with budget management including; approving departmental expenditures and monitoring weekly expenses. Oversee customer service programs such as the budget billing and the customer assistance programs. Participate in the selection, testing and approval of various systems, upgrades and enhancements. Assist with the diagnosis of problems with the website as needed. Preferred Knowledge - Abilities & Skills Education/ Experience: Bachelor’s Degree in Business Administration or related field 7 to 10 years’ experience in management, preferably in an area related to customer service in a utility environment, general utility services, or utility customer information and billing systems Knowledge, Skills & Abilities: Strong oral and written communication skills Ability to manage medium to large projects Ability to manage employees and projects Ability to manage and motivate a team Knowledge of the utility industry’s operations and practices Skill in Microsoft Office (including Excel, Outlook and Word) Skills in project management Skill in budget creation & monitoring Licenses & Certifications  Valid Class C Texas driver's license  Call Center Management Certification preferred, not required Physical Tasks & Working Conditions The incumbent works in a typical office environment; relatively free from unpleasant environmental conditions or hazards. Competencies Models Organization Values Customer Focus/Results Focus Communication Adaptability/Flexibility/Decision Making Managing Projects/Managing People Minimum Education & Work Experience  Four-year college degree 7 years related experience 4 years progressive management experience Or an equivalent combination of education and experience sufficient to successfully perform the essential functions of the job.