At Balbix [https://www.balbix.com/], we are building one of industry’s most innovative cybersecurity platforms to help security teams make the right decisions. We are a well funded startup backed by leading international venture firms and industry stalwarts such as John Chambers. Our product is built around data, lots of it. This is a platform that is capable of ingesting all forms of data from an enterprise. This includes data from traffic, software stack, enterprise policies, log data from infrastructure, event data from security controls among several others. This provides us with an incredibly rich dataset to transform, analyze and convert into prioritized actionable risk information. We use our expertise in multiple disciplines from AI, machine learning, statistics and probabilistic methods to transform data into actionable intelligence for our customers. We’re building our data infrastructure by leveraging an open-source technology stack that involves Spark, Hadoop, Kafka, distributed SQL/NoSQL stores and internally developed custom solutions. We’re looking for a driven data engineer to build out our big data stack. Are you someone who: Thrives on architecting and building distributed scalable data pipelines that can handle terabytes of data Loves to be involved with all aspects of data storage and processing, setting up data lakes and data warehouses according to the needs of the product Is hands-on in data ETL, real-time and near real-time streaming and batch processing pipelines. Is a firm believer in democratizing data, unifying data science & machine learning infrastructure with production pipelines Is self-driven when it comes to data management and designing data workflows Is passionate about learning the latest developments in the big data ecosystem and their impact on our architecture Is level-headed when it comes to evaluating tradeoffs in architectural decision-making Is scrupulous about following data engineering best practices Reach out to us if you are someone who loves the challenges that large scale data throws out, grow with a fast paced white hot startup and are passionate about fundamentally transforming the cybersecurity landscape. https://www.balbix.com/join-us Keywords: Spark, Hadoop, Flink, Kafka, Hive, Teradata, Cassandra, Vertica, Citus, Druid, AWS EMR, S3, AirFlow, Avro, Parquet