_Primary Duties and Responsibilities:_ Take a lead on the analytics projects from creation to completion using COBA Operating model and provide quantitative and qualitative reporting support to the department of Pharmacy. Conduct analyses to assess the budget impact of new drugs, assess adherence to policies and appropriateness of drug utilization, reimbursement by third-party payers, and other analyses to support cost-effective use of drugs. Identify and integrate disparate data sources, both internal and external, including raw and unstructured data from technical and non-technical teams. Utilize business intelligence tools (e.g. Tableau and Microstrategy…) to create reports and dashboards. Serve as a technical expert for compiling, cleaning, manipulating, and analyzing data related to assigned projects. Develop complex, iterative and multi-part analytics and reports and prepare summaries of important points Coordinate with IS and COBA to plan for data use from existing and new systems in Pharmacy Build and foster an institute-wide analytic community of practice by training, educating and bringing together analysts, data stewards, business stewards and analytics consumers Immediately bring to the attention of the COBA Leads issues and Pharmacy leadership, concerns and problems which may hinder achievement of deadlines and or/ accomplishments of responsibilities Perform other similar and related duties as required or directed Qualifications _Minimum Job Qualifications:_ Bachelor’s or equivalent in Statistics, Computer Science, Bioinformatics, Mathematics or related field 5+ years of related work experience in healthcare industry or Master’s in Bioinformatics, Epidemiology or Computer Science plus 3+ years of related work experience required Core competency in pharmacy data including cost EHR and claims data is strongly preferred Prior training as a Pharmacy technician and Pharmacist is strongly preferred A strong desire to explore, investigate, dig, and generally uncover patterns and puzzles in data while maintaining a strong sense of thoughtful and pragmatic solutions Requires superior computer skills, i.e. MS Excel, Access, PowerPoint, Word and data profiling techniques. Extensive experience with a business intelligence tools, such as Tableau is required. Programming abilities and/or statistical software skills are required. Must be able to function independently in a fast-paced environment while managing multiple priorities Must have superior interpersonal and communication skills to effectively work and communicate with all levels of internal and external technical and non-technical staff _Knowledge skills and abilities required:_ _Technical Skills:_ Experience and knowledge of data storage platforms including Microsoft SQL, Excel, Access is required. Advanced proficiency in SQL server, MySQL or Oracle to be able to use relational databases across Dana-Farber and program independently in at least one system. Expert in manipulating data, extracting desired information perform data analysis and troubleshoot data integrity issues. Superior expertise of business intelligence tools, such as Tableau, Microstrategy, etc. Advanced proficiency in Tableau Desktop to perform tableau design, development and process documentation to produce required reporting, analytics, and visualization deliverables Communicate with internal clients to develop and translate a business requirement into an effective and insightful interactive analytical dashboard Quickly and effectively diagnose and respond to service desk requests regarding data integrity and functional or interactive issues in existing and future dashboard Promote and contribute to the overall strategy and vision of Tableau design and development practices at the institute Strong experience in statistical analysis is required in at least one programming language including SAS, R, Stata or other programming languages Excellent knowledge of this language programming and associated features and experience in their applications to clinical or operational data is a must. Develop coding and table templates for preparing, processing and analyzing data. Comfortable learning new software tools Competent with additional Microsoft Office suite software (e.g., Word, PowerPoint, Outlook, Visio...) _Qualitative Skills:_ Must be able to remain open-minded about data exploration, vet work independently and ensure accuracy of all reports before delivering end-results Proven ability to document business requirements and ability to design and develop reports Solid oral and written communication skills Must be able to function independently and manage multiple priorities Must be very flexible in coordinating complex activities that are often subject to rapid or extensive changes and be able to prioritize urgent requests Exceptional service orientation Ability to motivate and inspire others in a team-oriented, collaborative environment Ability to effectively manage client and partner expectations Willingness to invest in understanding diverse stakeholder cultures, motivations and practices to enable consensus-based solutions. Strong sense of balance and ethics, ability to consistently represent the interests and mission of the DFCI and act on behalf of its current and future patients.