JOB SUMMARY : Picks and/or packs product orders manually, utilizing computerized pick to light system, while ensuring accuracy, neatness, and prompt shipment. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES : Picks product orders, including pre-packs, utilizing computerized pick to light system, ensuring correct merchandise, accurate quantities, and proper arrangement of merchandise. Must be able to pick accurately and efficiently to maintain timely order turnaround and order quality for our Consultants. 65% Consolidates, arranges and packs product in shipping boxes, filling with packaging material for orders to be shipped, picked-up or mailed. 25% Performs miscellaneous duties in the warehouse including filling backorders and Product Replacement Program (PRPs), making boxes, conducting inventories, and assembling pre-packs, Starter Kits or prizes as needed. 5% Assists in maintaining a neat and orderly work area and disposes of trash. 3% Removes any damaged product from flow racks and places it in a quality assurance box. Records part number and quantity to insure accurate inventory adjustment. 2% This list is not exhaustive and may be supplemented as necessary. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES : Must be able to read, write, and count in order to read numbers and fill product orders, and write numbers during physical inventory. Must have good manual dexterity in order to pick orders and pack product in shipping boxes, and good visual acuity required in order to ensure product and part numbers are correctly placed into boxes. Must be able to pass a basic math test including addition, subtraction, and simple multiplication and division to pick appropriate quantity of product into boxes. Must be able to frequently lift objects weighing up to 35 pounds in order to load pre-packs and fill product orders. Must be able to continuously walk and stand to pick orders; push, pull and reach to remove product from pick bay and pick product on upper shelves; frequently stoop to pick items on lower shelves of pick bay and lift to load pre-packs.