Supermicro is seeking dedicated warehouse professionals to work in our warehouses and distribution centers in San Jose. The Warehouse Worker receives and ships Supermicro products and coordinates shipment transfers to internal departments and customers. If you have a passion for warehousing and distribution, then Supermicro wants you! Essential Duties and Responsibilities The Warehouse Worker responsibilities will include, but not limited to: Load and unload company trucks Move merchandise utilizing pallet jacks, forklift, etc. Properly receive, stack and store material and/or products per warehouse guidelines Pull orders and pack and wrap boxes for shipment Assist in completing basic shipping and receiving paperwork Follow instructions and respond to management direction Adhere to company warehouse policies and procedures Observe safety and security procedures Meet productivity standards, including completing work in a timely manner Additional duties may be assigned Qualifications : High school diploma or general education degree (GED). Ability to lift up to 40 lbs. and ability to utilize a “buddy system” for products weighing more than 50 lbs. Ability to multitask and work in a fast-paced environment. Knowledge of basic computer skills, MS Office a preferred. Ability to do basic math calculations. Strong attention to detail, including accuracy and thoroughness. Physical Requirements : The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job: Standing, walking, sitting, talking/listening, crouching or crawling, reaching with hands and arms. Lift, carry, push and pull in excess of 25 pounds. Ability to lift up to 40 lbs. and ability to utilize a “buddy system” for products weighing more than 50 lbs. Work Environment : The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job: Primarily works indoors in an office setting with controlled climate conditions. May be susceptible to outdoor weather conditions (i.e., cold, heat, rain, and/or wind). About Super Micro Computer, Inc.: Supermicro® (NASDAQ: SMCI) is a Top Tier provider of advanced server, storage, and networking solutions for Data Center, Cloud Computing, Enterprise IT, Hadoop/ Big Data, Hyperscale, HPC and IoT/Embedded customers worldwide. We are the 5 fastest growing company among the Silicon Valley Top 50 technology firms. Our unprecedented global expansion has provided us with the opportunity to offer a large number of new positions to the technology community. We seek talented, passionate, and committed engineers, technologists, and business leaders to join us.