Overview Triple-S Steel is a general line service center with special emphasis in the construction markets.. The Junior IT Network Admin will be responsible for monitoring the network firewalls, assessing the functionality of the network routers, ensuring all Internet security software is updated regularly. The Network Admin will perform a wide variety of evaluation, maintenance, installation and training tasks to ensure the computer network performance meets company and user satisfaction. Responsibilities Responsibilities: Maintain a thorough understanding of the basics behind the Internet and its workings (DNS, Security, IP Routing, HTTP, VPN, Email Routing, SPAM, etc.) Configure Cisco and Riverbed network equipment. Provide support to service-desk as needed. General Data Center operations administration. Create and maintain documentation of system and network configurations in a consistent and timely manner. Globally, administer all aspects of the computer network to ensure company needs are met. Follow all company safety policies and procedures. Plan, implement, administer and maintain security related activities. Respond to change productively and handle other duties as required. Communicate internally within the IT department to ensure proper execution of tasks. Additional Responsibilities: Follow all company safety policies and procedures and organizes work areas for efficiency and safety. Provides status reports to management as required. Respond to change productively and handle other duties as required Qualifications Education and Experience: Technical Degree in Network Administration, preferred. 1-3 years' experience in Network and/or Server maintenance or related experience and/or equivalent combination of education and experience. Preferred: Working knowledge of company LAN/WAN/WLAN, servers, switched networks, firewall, helpdesk and network performance metrics. Experience with Active Directory, Cisco/switched environment (LAN/WLAN/WAN), Cisco ASA firewall, ShoreTel IP phone system. Experience with VMware a plus.