Agency mission The mission of the Massachusetts Department of Revenue is to achieve maximum compliance with the tax, child support and municipal finance laws of the Commonwealth. In meeting its mission, the Department is dedicated to enforcing these laws in a fair, impartial and consistent manner by providing professional and courteous service to all customers. Overview Statement: The Payroll/Data Warehouse Unit of the Massachusetts Department of Revenue is seeking an EDP Systems Analyst to join the team.The incumbent will be responsible for processing payroll including but not limited to: retirements, deaths, deductions, additional pay, benefits, transit and parking, ASI Flex, travel reimbursements, industrial accidents, deferred compensation, check distribution, time accrual changes and buybacks, retro pay, differentials, wage garnishments, Department of Labor and State stats, tax form changes, unemployment insurance request information forms, approving payable time and exceptions, researching discrepancies for all of payroll, respond back to employees and address issues, auditing of TRC codes via MS access and excel, verifying employment, assist with EILB, research over/under payments, adhoc requests as needed which are assigned by the supervisor and manager. Duties: Review weekly Employee Self Service Time and Attendance payable time and exceptions to ensure that proper codes and time increments are being used and complete secondary approval. Provides payroll information to employees by responding to inquiries in order to ensure employees concerns are addressed and the employee understands the laws, policies and contractual requirements governing the issue(s). Enters/Modifies employee requests to participate in Deferred Compensation, serves as the DOR liaison to Great West Smart Plan to gather information on the Deferred Compensation program. Processes various types of employee information including but not limited to: retirements, deaths, deductions, additional pay, benefits, transit and parking, ASI Flex, process and pay travel reimbursements, industrial accidents, deferred compensation, check distribution, time accrual changes and buybacks, research over/under payments, retro pay, differentials, Department of Labor and State stats, tax form changes, researching discrepancies for all of payroll, respond back to employees and address issues and excel and assist with EILB. Assisting employees with guidance in ESC as needed. Verifying employment for employees by researching employee records in order to respond to inquiries from other State agencies, mortgage companies, credit agencies, insurance agencies, prospective employers, etc. concerning past and present employees. Completing Adhoc requests as needed by supervisor and manager. Research and complete all Unemployment Insurance Requests for Information Forms. TRC code auditing via MS access and excel, bi-weekly. To complete auditing of assigned TRC codes and make adjustments on timesheets as needed. Assist Security Officer and back up Security Officer with daily Data Warehouse functions. Assists employees with PC, application and MS Access issues as well as other office applications Assists Director and Supervisor with adhoc projects. Qualifications First consideration will be given to those applicants that apply within the first 14 days. Minimum Entrance Requirements: Applicants must have at least (A) three years of full-time, or equivalent part-time, professional experience in electronic data processing, of which (B) at least one year must have been in work in which the major duties included computer systems analysis, or (C) any equivalent combination of the required experience and the substitutions below. SUBSTITUTIONS: I. An Associate's degree with a major in the field of data processing or computer programming may be substituted for a maximum of one year of the required (A) experience. II. A Bachelor's or higher degree with a major in the field of data processing or computer and/or information science may be substituted for a maximum of two years of the required (A) experience. III. A diploma for completion of a two year full-time, or equivalent part- time, program in a recognized non-degree granting business or vocational/technical school above the high school level with a major in the field of computer programming may be substituted for a maximum of one year of the required (A) experience. IV. An official transcript from a recognized business or vocational/ technical school as evidence of completion of a program consisting of at least 650 hours of instruction in the field of computer programming may be substituted for a maximum of one year of the required (A) experience. V. Graduation from the data processing course of a recognized vocational/technical high school may be substituted for a maximum of one year of the required (A) experience. Education toward such a degree or diploma will be prorated on the basis of the proportion of the requirements actually completed. NOTE: No substitution will be allowed for the one year of the required (B) experience. Special Requirements: None