America’s largest independent cardiac care practice is looking to bring on a mid-level Windows Systems Administrator to their team. Ideally this individual will have strong server experience 08-16 and Desktop 7-10. At least three years of experience with Windows, VMware, Hyper-V, and Citrix as well as in depth experience with Office 365 is necessary. There will be a lot of new projects to work on, such as cloud-based work, moving data centers, upgrading their network, and completing new storage arrays, which can really advance your skill set and help you become a jack of all trades. Having a background in healthcare is something that will make any candidate stand out and is strongly preferred. Some application support on their new clinical application will be needed, so it is important that one is comfortable working with PowerShell. Required Skills & Experience Bachelor’s Degree Proficient with Windows Efficient with Vmware/Hyper-v/Citrix Experienced with PowerShell Office 365 Desired Skills & Experience Has experience in a Cloud based environment Obtains both verbal and written communication skills Certifications Ability to work individually or on a team What You Will Be Doing Tech Breakdown 25% PowerShell 25% Office 365 50% Other Daily Responsibilities 70% Hands On 30% Other The Offer Competitive Pay: Up to $37/hour, DOE Contract Duration: 6-12 Months (1 Year) You will receive the following benefits: Medical, Dental, & Vision Insurance (Cigna) PTO Gym reimbursement 401(k) Paid Sick Time Leave Pre-tax Commuter Benefit Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis now and in the future. This position does not offer sponsorship. Jobspring Partners, part of the Motion Recruitment network, provides IT Staffing Solutions (Contract, Contract-to-Hire, and Direct Hire) across 10 major North American markets. Our unique expertise in today’s highest demand tech skill sets, paired with our deep networks and knowledge of our local technology markets, results in an exemplary track record with candidates and clients.