Overview For more than 40 years, East West Bank has served as a pathway to success. With over 130 locations across the U.S. and Greater China, we are the premier financial bridge between the East and West. Our teams of experienced, multi- cultural professionals help guide businesses and community members on both sides of the Pacific looking to explore new markets and create new opportunities. And our sustained growth and expertise in industries like real estate, entertainment and media, private equity and venture capital, high-tech and aviation help build sustainable businesses and expand our employees’ potential for career advancement. Headquartered in California, East West Bank (Nasdaq: EWBC) is a top performing commercial bank with an exclusive focus on the U.S. and Greater China markets. With assets of $37.7 billion, we’re ranked among the 30 largest banks in the United States and currently top 5 in “America’s 100 Best Banks” by Forbes, a list where we've consistently been in the top 15 since 2010. With a strong foundation, an enterprising spirit and a commitment to absolute integrity, East West Bank gives people the confidence to reach further. East West Bank is looking for a Full Stack Cloud Solution Developer to contribute towards the success of our cloud solution initiative. This person will be responsible for managing and building multiple cloud service solutions supporting real time integrated technology platforms focused on customer acquisition, engagement, and retention. The right candidate will play a critical development role in expanding our banking products, customer-centric services, and customer engagement in the digital channel. The right candidate will have the following experience and responsibilities: JavaScript/UI development experience using AngularJS, React, VUE, and jQuery Object oriented programming experience in dynamic HTML, CSS, SAAS, or LESS API design and development for RESTful services Web server technologies like Node.js, J2EE, and Apache Excellent understanding of all traffic-driving mechanisms to an online financial website and actively engage in optimization of those channels to drive business Experience in leading high visibility projects that interacts with multiple business lines Directs the work assignments of both on-shore and off-shore contractors Build and meet project timelines and manage delivery commitments with proper communication to management Collaborate with key business lines, technology partners, vendors, and architects Review architecture design and provide direction on system capabilities Basic Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree Experience in application management Experience with dynamic HTML, client-side scripting, web services and APIs Experience in managing high visibility projects Applicants must demonstrate their ability to master new enterprise level technologies. Successful applicants will exemplify East West Bank ethical principles of uncompromising integrity, respect for others, and accountability for decisions. Team members at East West Bank consistently demonstrate integrity and ethics, maturity and resilience; and inspire trust and confidence among their team. Our leaders are strong communicators who promote collaborative relationships, influence others, and value the diversity of backgrounds and ideas among their team.