This role will be responsible for supporting the reporting and management of data for our client’s global analytic stakeholders. The ideal candidate must be able to proactively communicate ideas and opportunities, as well as conduct in depth analysis to support the development and execution of web and cross- channel reporting initiatives. They are also responsible for executing data quality assurance based on rigorous protocols and have strong project management skills. This role also includes the ability to independently troubleshoot and address quality control issues, generate reports and analysis from data and merge and generate data sets for analysis. The ideal candidate: Enjoys a team driven environment Is accommodating , cooperative, analytical, heads down and introspective Accepts pressure and the ability to switch from one item to the next as priorities change Accepts interruptions and being able to juggle work load are important qualities. Responsibilities: Gather requirements for reports/dashboards, proof-of-concepts for larger enterprise-wide BI initiatives. Executes against requirements and supports on-going reporting process QA dashboards from other team members ensuring visualization best practices are used and underlying data is accurate/consistent with other systems Develop a strong partner relationships and is viewed as a Business Intelligence & reporting SME Design, develop and implement performance metrics and tracking processes to measure the effectiveness of business efforts Advancement of visualization efforts through BI tools such as Tableau Responsible for directly managing medium/large ad-hoc projects and communicating status updates to key stakeholders Drive process improvement and quality control for key deliverables Understanding of data structures and the requirements to support visualization efforts Develop methodologies for elegantly integrating data from multiple sources Confirm data integrity and perform analysis to identify trends Execute data mining analysis based on client needs and reporting questions Reconcile disjointed data sources as needed Continuously look for improvements, monitor quality levels, and manage quality problems. Required Skills Education and Experience: Must have strong communication skills, both verbal and written Self-starter with 5+ years analytic experience required, preferably in a marketing environment Pride in work product with high accountability, initiative, and thought leadership Must be able to handle multiple clients and projects simultaneously Advanced skills in MS Office (Word, Excel and PowerPoint) required. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Operations Research, or Marketing preferred Highly accountable self-starter with the ability to work well within a group, as well as independently Drives relationships with partners and/or suppliers to deliver an overall solution to the client so curiosity for the big picture is key Highly self-motivated, professional with the ability to thrive in a fast-paced and demanding environment with minimal supervision and ambiguity Ideal candidate will have 3+ years experience developing dashboards and reports with data visualization tools such as Tableau, Spotfire, Qlikview, etc Priority will be given to candidates with front-end design experience in one or more BI/analysis software packages such as COGNOS, SQL Server Analysis Services, SQL Server Reporting Services, Tableau, QlikView, Spotfire, OLAP, Google Viz, etc. Priority will be given to candidates with Adobe Marketing Analytics experience (Omniture Site Catalyst, Adobe Report Builder, etc.) Priority will be given to Spanish speaking candidates. AT MRM, RELATIONSHIP IS OUR MIDDLE NAME. MRM//McCann is a leading customer relationship agency that leverages the power of creativity, the beauty of data, and the magic of technology to nurture, encourage and sustain strong relationships between brands and their customers – in turn, creating meaningful experiences for people, while driving business results. We employ the most innovative talent in the industry to digitally drive the transformation of our clients’ businesses and provide creative solutions to help brands grow meaningful relationships with people. Do you excel when working in a team? Are you fascinated by the endless possibilities that technology brings to marketing? Are you ready to transform our world? If so, you will thrive in our culture based on the Important Things We Believe (I.T.W.B.s): Ideas power everything We’re Better Together We’ll figure it out Complexity can be managed It only counts if we deliver Technology is magic MRM//McCann is a leader in Gartner Inc.'s annual "Magic Quadrant for Global Digital Marketing Agencies" report. Gartner Magic Quadrants are based on an exacting methodology where agencies stand out for their strategic services, including business strategy and digital business transformation skills. MRM//McCann is noted for its global vision and strategy, and its use of tools and analytics enabling clients to deliver a measurable business impact as the result of those strategies. NO THIRD PARTY RESUMES ACCEPTED. MRM//McCann is an EEO/AA employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, sexual orientation, age, gender identity, marital status, citizenship, disability, genetic information or veteran status or any other basis prohibited by applicable federal, state, or local law. MRM//McCann participates in e-Verify. If you require reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process, please submit your request through one of the following methods listed below: a) Dedicated Fax - 917-661-6310 b) Dedicated E-mail – Careers@mwgdetroit.com c) US Mail – ATTN: Human Resources, 360 W. Maple Birmingham, MI 48009 d) Dedicated Phone – 248-203-8000 NOTE: Disability accommodation requests only. Required Experience