At Toyota Research Institute (TRI), we’re working to build a future where everyone has the freedom to move, engage, and explore with a focus on reducing vehicle collisions, injuries, and fatalities. Join us in our mission to improve the quality of human life through advances in artificial intelligence, automated driving, robotics and materials science. We’re dedicated to building a world of “mobility for all” where everyone, regardless of age or ability, can live in harmony with technology to enjoy a better life. Through innovations in AI, we’ll… 1) Develop vehicles incapable of causing a crash, regardless of the actions of the driver. 2) Develop technology for vehicles and robots to help people enjoy new levels of independence, access, and mobility.3) Bring advanced mobility technology to market faster. 4) Discover new materials that will make drive batteries and hydrogen fuel cells smaller, lighter, less expensive and more powerful. Our work is guided by a dedication to safety – in how we research, develop, and validate the performance of vehicle technology to benefit society. As a subsidiary of Toyota, TRI is fueled by a diverse and inclusive community of people who carry invaluable leadership, experience, and ideas from industry- leading companies. Over half of our technical team carries PhD degrees. We’re continually searching for the world’s best talent ‒ people who are ready to define the new world of mobility with us! We strive to build a company that helps our people thrive, achieve work life balance, and bring their best selves to work. At TRI, you will have the opportunity to enjoy the best of both worlds ‒ a fun start up environment with brilliant people who enjoy solving tough problems and the financial backing to successfully achieve our goals. If you’re passionate about working with smart people to make cars safer, enable the elderly to age in place, or design alternative fuel sources, TRI is the place for you. ‒ Start your impossible with us. Who are we seeking? To achieve this visionary goal, we are seeking motivated individuals with a passion for technology to join our Driving Operations Team. You'll be responsible TRI’s autonomous vehicle platforms on various public and private roads obtaining data and fixing technical issues. As a specialist within Driving Operations, you're a valuable contributor, providing necessary feedback to our engineering team aimed at improving groundbreaking automated driving technology. Job Responsibilities Maintain Toyota's high standard of safety, inside and outside of the vehicles Consistently demonstrate situational awareness, an understanding of the technology in his/her care, and a willingness to constantly adjust to changes in the environment You'll conduct a variety of critical data collection for our engineering teams using complex proprietary software and hardware, and communicate through multiple channels Be self-motivated and demonstrate good judgement that requires minimal supervision throughout the work day in order to thrive in fast paced, high stress environments Be an ambassador for the technology by communicating professionally and courteously at all times with management, engineers, and members of the public You will be offsite and out of office, with occasional extended travel time - as the project dictates. Demonstrate leadership skills and provide training and mentorship to inexperienced drivers Maintain, organize and distribute operational documents to relevant team members Qualifications One to two years of Autonomous Driving experience Valid US driver's license with at least 7 years of driving experience and a clean driving record (DMV record will be obtained) BA/BS degree, any field; or, demonstrated communication, analytic, mathematical, and reasoning skills consistent with a BA/BS degree; or previous autonomous testing experience Excellent verbal and written communication skills Ability to learn quickly and implement new concepts Proficient with computers, including basic troubleshooting with the ability to utilize proprietary tools Subject to pre-employment drug screening, DMV and criminal checks, and random drug screening Demonstrate safe driving in all weather conditions (including snow) Minimum typing speed of 50 wpm Working Conditions Due to the nature of the position and daily inspections of the vehicle, this job often requires physical work including, but not limited to, bending, stooping, and various operational tasks that may require lifting up to 50 lbs. Additionally, the Vehicle Operations Specialist should expect to spend approximately four to six hours inside the vehicle every day. Compensation: This is an hourly position with the possibility for overtime. Paid training will be provided. Offer of employment will be contingent upon successful completion of training.