First Republic is an ultra-high-touch bank that provides extraordinary client service. We believe that one-on-one interactions build lasting relationships. We move quickly to serve our clients’ needs so that their financial transactions are handled with ease and efficiency. Client trust and security are paramount in our line of business. Ultimately, our goal is unsurpassed client satisfaction which will lead to personal referrals – our number one source of new business. We recognize that our competitive advantage starts with our people and our culture. At First Republic, we work hard and move quickly as a very coordinated team. If you are looking for an opportunity to grow and contribute in a fun, fast-paced environment, First Republic is the place for you. We have exceptional people focused on providing extraordinary service. The Enterprise Cloud Architect is responsible for working cross-functionally to ensure the successful delivery of solutions architecture for First Republic Bank. The Cloud Architect will work under the direction of the VP, Enterprise Architecture to define and document the systems architecture aspects of projects. This will include a high degree of interaction with business and operations units to understand the functional needs of the users of the system as well as the various technology teams, both within and outside of FRB, which are responsible for integration points with the solutions. Responsibilities Serve as primary liaison to internal groups, business and IS, for the FRB technology architecture aspects of each project. Create and maintain reference architectures, target architectures, roadmaps and reference implementations. Through partnership with business and technical departments, maintain the repository of system interactions in diagram and narrative form. Analyze Business requirements to understand the business needs and to determine how the system can best be architected to fulfill those needs. Recognize and address cross-functional issues within Target State applications as well as partner systems. Participates in both High Level and Low Level Technical Design sessions and reviews. Develop design patterns and guides development team in implementing best practices. Participates with management team on strategy, process improvements, and resource forecasting. Develop and maintain architecture diagrams and requirements that fully capture the overall systems landscape. Develop and keep current on the technology underlying Wingspan middleware service and its deployment within the FRB enterprise. Ensure adherence to Enterprise Architecture and Technology Strategy standards and practices by serving as an advocate. Keep abreast of current business and industry best practices and provide feasibility studies/ cost proposals for new investments/ opportunities for innovation. Keep abreast of regulatory, legal and industry best practices to assist the business to identify and adapt potentially impacted processes. Demonstrate ownership through input and decision-making for customer experiences, the success of our front line and operational partners, and shareholder value. Responsibilities include the following: 1) adhering to and complying with the applicable, federal and state laws, regulations and guidance, including those related to Anti-money laundering (i.e. Bank Secrecy Act, US PATRIOT Act, etc.) 2) adhering to Bank policies and procedures, 3) completing required training, 4) identifying and reporting suspicious activity to the AML Officer. Qualifications Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or Engineering 10+ years of information systems experience required, with a preference 5+ years of enterprise, full-cycle in Architecture Banking experience preferred Professional Solution/Developer Architect certification—AWS preferred Expertise in design concepts and architecture with widely-used and accepted principles (such as TOGAF) Knowledge of and experience with public cloud providers Amazon Web Services architecture, tools and cloud methodologies Understanding of Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) on public cloud Technical or development experience in cloud environments, data migrations or data management projects Experience architecting containers and container platforms Experience in architecting API (Application Programming Interface) micro services Experience architecting with DevOps tools and process Knowledge and experience with Agile, SCRUM and Continuous Delivery Knowledge of several modern programming languages Experience with several database technologies including SQL and noSQL platforms Working experience with modernization of applications Strong business orientation with broad experience with banking processes, technology and change initiatives Understands business processes, appropriate application of technology in supporting those processes, and the common technical complexity / considerations when evaluating new products or process options Skilled at identifying and evaluating existing operations and new developments and gauging appropriate opportunities for the business Focus on development of organizational capabilities and resources to support continuous evolution of a more competitive and profitable Bank Strategic perspective and business acumen. Looks toward the broadest possible view of an issue/ challenge; can easily pose future scenarios; can think globally about all aspects of the Bank; can discuss multiple considerations of an issue and forecast them into the future Communication skills. Lead technical discussions between internal teams and external strategic partners. Communicates concepts and actions plans clearly and concisely in a variety of settings and styles. Negotiation skills. Negotiates skillfully in tough situations with internal and external groups; can be both direct and diplomatic. Influences and drives engineering strategy. Partners with internal and external groups to drive continuous improvement Peer relationships. Can quickly find common ground and solve problems for the good of all; is a team player and encourages collaboration. Team player Provides extraordinary service Furthers the First Republic Bank culture and values Mental/Physical Requirements: The ability to learn and comprehend basic instructions; understand the meanings of words and respond effectively; and perform basic arithmetic accurately and quickly. Vision must be sufficient to read data reports, manuals and computer screens. Hearing must be sufficient to understand a conversation at a normal volume, including telephone calls and in person. Speech must be coherent to clearly convey or exchange information, including the giving and receiving of assignments and/or directions. Position involves sitting most of the time, but may involve walking or standing for brief periods of time. Must be able to travel in a limited capacity.