IT Systems Administrator Corporate, Chicago, IL WHO WE ARE We value knowledge and learning. We believe in the power of connection and collaboration and we seek to build relationships that mean something. We employ some of the best and brightest in the industry and we work hard to maintain a culture that our people can be proud of. WORKING FOR PRIMERA Primera is a full-service engineering design and consulting firm with expertise in providing solutions for buildings, transportation, and utilities clients. Conveniently located in downtown Chicago, our Corporate team is a talented group of HR, marketing, IT, finance and administrative professionals that band together to continuously move our company forward. Ever focused on providing a first-class client experience, we connect with people across the organization to support all aspects of our company’s operations. WHO YOU ARE You are driven by a need to learn and improve. You are self-motivated to always look for new and better ways to improve the performance, reliability, and security of the IT infrastructure. You are focused on providing internal technology solutions that enable the success of the organization. Your qualifications and experience are impressive. You have 5 or more years of experience in IT systems administration or related role. You have a Microsoft Certified Systems Administrator (MCSA) Certification or equivalent. You have extensive knowledge of Windows OS and Servers, Microsoft Active Directory, Office 365, Networking/Routing and VMWare. Experience with SANs, Checkpoint Firewalls, and Newforma Project Center a plus. You’re a people person. You have a positive attitude and enjoy developing relationships with staff and clients alike. Job Requirements WHAT YOU’LL DO You’ll be a key member of our IT team. You will build, manage and administer a growing IT environment including Windows Server, Hyper-V, and SharePoint. You will install new or rebuild existing servers and configure hardware, peripherals, services, settings, directories, storage, etc. You will apply OS patches and upgrades on a regular basis and upgrade administrative tools and utilities. You’ll enhance and protect our reputation. Our clients’ trust is critically important to us. You’ll perform daily systems monitoring, verifying the integrity and availability of hardware, server resources, systems and key processes. You’ll review system, application, and cyber security threat detection logs and act to identify and respond to incidents or failures. You will ensure data backup and recovery processes are implemented and tested. You’ll share our passion for learning and growth. Leading by example, you’ll foster a culture committed to knowledge sharing and industry-leading technical expertise. You will research and recommend innovative and automated approaches for system administration tasks. You’ll enjoy what you do. You’ll work with great people, continue to learn and grow, and have a good time doing it. SOME OF WHAT YOU’LL ENJOY An excellent benefits package including 401K match, gym and transit subsidies, continuing education reimbursement and much more A fun, inclusive, and collaborative environment The fruits of our employee-led committees focused on offering engaging social, wellness and community service activities all year long For more information about Primera please visit our website: PrimeraEng.com. Equal Employment Opportunity Primera is committed to the principles of equal employment opportunity. Primera’s practices and employment decisions, including those regarding recruitment, hiring, assignment, promotion and compensation, shall not be based on any person’s race, color, creed, religion, national origin, sex, age, ancestry, disability, physical handicap, marital status, sexual orientation, veteran status, citizenship status or other protected group as defined by law.