1st Shift, Monday - Friday, 7:00am - 5:00pm Logistics done differently. At XPO Logistics, our employees are our greatest asset. And we need leaders who will provide guidance and education, as well as ensure organizational policies and procedures are understood and followed. As the Operations Manager, you will oversee the day-to-day management of the operation supporting national returns processing and outbound order preparation for a multichannel distribution center. As part of our team, you’ll have the support to excel at work, and the resources to build a career you can be proud of. Pay, benefits and more. We are eager to attract the best, so we offer competitive compensation and a generous benefits package, including full health insurance (medical, dental and vision), 401(k), life insurance, disability and more. What you’ll do on a typical day: Supervise warehouse associates, including motivating, coaching, training, and disciplining staff Manage equipment and coordinate all maintenance needs Manage inventory control processes; drive quality operations through application of Lean methodologies Create and monitor KPIs against targets, and lead organization to meet or exceed KPIs Ensure put-away and picking activities in the distribution center are meeting operational needs Lead operations team, supporting value-added service and outbound packing to meet/exceed lead time requirements Initiate and lead projects focusing on the improvement of safety, quality, delivery, cost, and morale What you need to succeed at XPO: At a minimum, you’ll need: Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience 10 years of broad technical supply chain experience including 5 years in operations within the distribution logistics field Experience in a leadership role with oversight of multiple supervisors/superintendents Strong problem-solving techniques and statistical analysis skills Proficient with Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, and Outlook), and warehouse management systems Availability to work a flexible schedule including planned and unplanned overtime, which may include weekends It’d be great if you also have: Experience in AS9100 or ISO environment Be part of something big. XPO provides cutting-edge supply chain solutions to the world's most successful companies, including Disney, Pepsi, L'Oréal, Toyota and many others. We’re the fastest-growing transportation company on the Fortune 500 list and we’re just getting started. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, disability, veteran, or other protected status. The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. All employees may be required to perform duties outside of their normal responsibilities from time to time, as needed.