Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. In this role, you will be a key contributor to Facebook’s data center energy strategy and your responsibilities will include: tracking and forecasting data center energy usage and cost, performing sensitivity and scenario analyses, and monitoring US energy market trends. Additionally, you will help drive the development and deployment of Facebook’s global energy strategy in an effort to create a cost competitive clean and renewable energy based supply portfolio that meets the company’s overall strategic objectives. You will be expected to become an expert on the energy rates and usage for Facebook’s growing portfolio of data centers. Although this role is not focused on renewable energy analysis, exposure to renewable energy generation and financial modeling is a plus. Excellent communication, presentation, and analytical skills are a must. This position is full-time and located in our Menlo Park office. RESPONSIBILITIES Serve as an expert on energy rates and usage for Facebook’s growing portfolio of data centers Create and maintain models to forecast energy usage and analyze electric rate impacts for current and future data center sites Deliver monthly and annual summaries of key energy metrics to the Global Energy team and internal stakeholders Engage with Infrastructure stakeholders to track data center design and capacity engineering trends to improve load forecasting methodologies and support energy efficiency efforts Work with Energy Managers to analyze possible rate structures for new data center locations Work with Sustainability team to provide data on Facebook’s energy usage and renewable energy procurement Work with utility and internal partners to ensure timely bill payment and resolve billing issues as needed MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor's degree in a business, finance or technical discipline 3+ years of work experience with an electric utility, financial institution, energy supplier, renewable energy project developer, or energy intensive consumer Experience in analyzing and interpreting energy usage data, electric tariffs, and wholesale energy market data Excel experience and experience with data sets Experience in developing and maintaining partnerships with suppliers and internal stakeholders PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Experience working with electric utilities Experience with Tableau or other data visualization software