At Tala, we are connecting millions of people to the financial services they deserve. The Data Analytics team operates in a nimble working style, flexing between a variety of business questions and data needs at the company. We are asked to investigate and solve big questions other companies have yet to find solutions for such as digital identity management and understanding customers fully based on their mobile data. We work with dynamic analytical techniques and leverage the most new technology to directly impact and improve the experience of our users. We have a customer focused vision, and we are able to work through puzzling challenges and thrive in a nimble, global and cross- functional environment As a Senior Data Analyst at Tala, you will drive data structuring and analysis for our India cross-functional team problem statements. Each quarter, you will visit our India office and collaborate with our product and engineering teams. You will explore and analyze data, set up data pipelines, work on algorithms, and showcase insights using data visualizations to inform our India Product leads about their performance in a highly competitive market. In addition, this will all be in collaboration with our Data team to ensure that our data efforts in Santa Monica and India are aligned as we learn and iterate in this massive market opportunity. This role will be based out of our Santa Monica, CA office. In this role you will: Live and search for data: you build datasets and reports that resolve key insights about our customers through internal and external data sources Focus on scale: move beyond the day-to-day asks so teams can self-service data and have their reporting automated and flexible Problem solve: you translate vague business questions into specific data-driven solutions Knowledge share: coach other team members in their work, translate complex data theories into learning opportunities What we’re looking for: 4+ years in a data-intensive role (or equivalent experience) BA/BS in a quantitative field Expert in at least one analytics language (ex. Python, R) Proficient in SQL, GitHub, bash commands Willingness and ability to travel for multi-week periods throughout each quarter Ability and dedicating to working effectively with distant teams Perfect candidates would have: Experience with an early stage analytics team Experience in emerging markets, either personally or in professional capacity Advanced modeling and machine learning expertise outside of school or Kaggle Able to look beyond the immediate deliverable, find the real data problem, and solve for it About Tala: Tala ( http://tala.co ) is a mobile technology and data science company that is working to deliver financial access, choice and control to underserved people around the world. Tala’s smartphone app instantly evaluates customers for credit using only the data on their devices and delivers customized loans in minutes. Tala, formerly known as InVenture, is backed by IVP, Ribbit Capital, Lowercase Capital, Data Collective, Collaborative Fund and other leading venture and impact investors. In 2016, Fast Company ranked Tala, formerly known as InVenture, as one of its top 10 companies in Money, and Forbes named Tala as one of the top 50 FinTech companies in the world. Additionally, Tala’s work has been highlighted by the New York Times, the Financial Times, the Wall Street Journal, TED, and Wired, among others.