A Great Place to Work Last year, we transformed the P2P payments industry with Zelle. 247-million transactions and $75-billion later, consumers love us as much as our amazing team of talented people. Come join the most INNOVATIVE FinTech company in Arizona. Overall Purpose This position coordinates with hiring managers to identify, source, fill technical and non-technical positions and on-board exceptional talent. Ensures compliance with legal requirements and demonstrates continuous commitment to employee engagement. Essential Functions Consistently identifies and successfully attracts high performing talent to the organization, ensuring compliance with organization policy and government regulatory guidelines. Responsible for recruiting assigned open positions, screen and interview candidates, and make hiring recommendations. Partner with our hiring managers to determine headcount and create recruiting plans. Provides guidance to hiring managers in defining roles, identifying job requirements, creating interview guides, and assessing candidate alignment. Creatively uses social media and online tools to source active and passive candidates. Schedules phone screens and onsite interviews for Talent staff and hiring managers, prepares and communicates interview schedule and serves as primary point of contact for candidates and internal staff involved in the hiring process, as needed. Conducts pre-offer reference checks, documents feedback, and notifies Recruiting staff of results, as needed. Prepares and sends offer letters and related hiring documents, initiates pre-employment background screening and pre-employment tests, tracks receipt and completion, and keeps Recruiting staff abreast of status, as needed. Generates standard and custom reports used to evaluate status and effectiveness and maintains recruiting statistics. Ensures compliance with legal requirements and maintains appropriate files and documentation. Represents company in a highly professional manner and demonstrates the highest level of integrity and confidentiality. Ensures candidate experience is exceptional from initial contact through on-boarding. Support the company’s commitment to protect the integrity and confidentiality of systems and data Minimum Qualifications Education and experience typically obtained through completion of a Bachelor’s in Information Technology, Computer Sciences, Human Resources or related field 4 years’ experience in a recruiting or recruiting support role in a professional environment Experience with creative and passive candidate searching techniques, applicant tracking systems, and background screening Knowledge of employment-related legal requirements Effective verbal, written and interpersonal skills Strong attention to detail and follow-up skills High sense of urgency and ability to multi-task Must demonstrate professionalism, high level of customer service, and confidentiality Proficiency in Microsoft Excel and Word Employee must be able to perform essential functions and physical requirements of position with or without reasonable accommodation. Physical Requirements Working conditions consist of a normal office environment. Work is primarily sedentary and requires extensive use of a computer and involves sitting for periods of approximately four hours. Work may require occasional standing, walking, kneeling and reaching. Must be able to lift 10 pounds occasionally and/or negligible amount of force frequently. Requires visual acuity and dexterity to view, prepare, and manipulate documents and office equipment including personal computers. Requires the ability to communicate with internal and/or external customers. Candidates responding to this posting must independently possess the eligibility to work in the United States at the date of hire. The above job description is not intended to be an all-inclusive list of duties and standards of the position. Incumbents will follow instructions and perform other related duties as assigned by their supervisor. _Early Warning Services is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer._ _Early Warning is an equal opportunity employer that takes affirmative action to employ, and advance in employment, qualified minorities, women, individuals with disabilities and covered veterans._