State Street is seeking highly motivated individuals with cross disciplinary technical experience to help drive application security verification to “The left” within its System Development Life Cycles. Candidates will present a dominant discipline overlapped by others that are relevant, such as Program Management, Security Architecture, Security Analysis and Application Functional Quality Assurance testing. We’re looking to build a high functioning team that will: 1\. Define security verification methodologies 2\. Assist in the creation of in-flight application security validation with development teams using Agile and Waterfall life cycle models 3\. Develop and provide Security Verification training and 4\. Deploy, integrate and automate the use of Security testing tools along with Static and Dynamic Application Security Scanners 5\. Maximize developers experiences using the Application Security Verification platform and techniques 6\. Drive the onset of application security verification in Continuous Delivery pipelines. Global Quality Solutions Security Verification Center Information Security Systems Analysts develop and execute exploratory and regression tests with a focus on GQS SVC’s capabilities. They are established QA professionals that have a experience and understanding of information security principles and are continuing the development of information security knowledge and skills. They are capable of developing and maintaining manual and automated test scripts and working well with developers to explain/demonstrate the defects they discover and provide corrective actions. In particular, GQS SVC QA Engineers enable application testers throughout GQS to incorporate GQS SVC’s testing framework(s) by providing oversight, feedback on quality specifications through support and consultative services. They create detailed, comprehensive and well-structured test strategies/plans (including white and black box testing strategies) and test cases. They are capable of estimating, prioritizing, planning and coordinating quality test activities. Effect the Global Quality Solutions/Security Verification operating model Work directly with Application Testers across GQS to develop testing strategies that implement the GQS SVC Entitlements Testing Framework and SecDevOps practices/automation Assist in the invocation of tests involving the GQS SVC Entitlements Testing Framework Evaluate test results Assist in the preparation of test results documentation Obtain and provide guidance to developers that assists in the remediation of findings Understand and apply the concepts, directions and templates prescribed in the Global Quality Solutions Playbook Contribute to a positive work environment by maintaining solid, productive and involved relationships with employees, contingent workers and members of cross-functional virtual teams Oversee the delivery of multiple, concurrent quality assurance projects within your information security technology portfolio Actively oversee the delivery of QA services on two projects concurrently Enable service delivery for a mix of for Waterfall, Iterative and Agile based processes development activities Ensure Projects are Audit compliant at all times – including sign off by stakeholders for Test plans and providing sign off for each Project that includes test results. Attend focused project status/review meetings Record QA metrics and communicate to Management as needed/requested Maintain QA Artifacts in a manner acceptable to Internal Audit The design and creation of test conditions and scripts to address business and technical use cases 5+ years of State Street experience and/or 7+ years of industry experience in IT/Financial Services setting. Strong written and oral communication skills Ability to work well individually and among teams Knowledge of Microsoft Office tools Proficient with Visio, PowerPoint and Project Experience with testing and defect tracking tools Micro Focus Load Runner Micro Focus Quality Center Experience in automating test cases using Micro Focus Unified Functional Testing Extensive experience documenting test cases and results in Micro Focus Quality Center Collaborative, contemplative, decisive and strong willed demeanor Experience working with matrix teams including teams in different time zones Ability to travel up to 10% of the time domestically and internationally A plus… Bachelor’s Degree in Science, Engineering or Technology discipline 1+ year in IT Risk Management or Information Security organization or equivalent training Experience operating in a highly regulated industry and under continuous scrutiny from internal/external auditing organizations Must be a work-authorized individual in defined by the US Department of Justice, encompassing U.S. citizens, lawful permanent resident and lawful temporary resident. SSTGTS18