Your Responsibilities : The Manager, Platforms Risk is accountable for enabling the GSK Tech Platforms organization to deliver in an efficient and compliant manner. You will identify the risks and deliver solutions in coordination with multiple risk functions, acting as a facilitator for divergent inputs from different stakeholders as needed. You will challenge the status quo as you identify innovative approaches to compliance, including automation using emerging technologies. You will be an agile, collaborative, responsive partner to GSK Tech and practice good judgment and pragmatism to enable delivery at speed. Key Responsibilities Partner with the Tech Platforms team to proactively identify and address emerging areas that require enabling compliance Establish risk and control frameworks to enable use of emerging technologies and to address emerging risks Design and deliver solutions that leverage emerging technologies to automate and drive efficiency and cost savings in compliance related activities Constructively challenge the status quo to deliver innovative solutions. Assist leadership to make risk informed decisions Provide input into Tech policies, procedures and standards Provide co-ordination and leadership in bringing subject matter experts from individual risk functions to drive alignment on compliance approaches Focus on strategy (both within Tech and within the broader GSK Business) and industry trends in what is a very fast moving area of the Tech industry. Support delivery of compliance frameworks to enable use of Agile methodologies Why You? • Bachelor’s degree in Technology, Digital, Data Sciences or other relevant discipline with a Technology focus Minimum 10 years of experience working in the Technology field Passionate about technology – self driven continuous learner Demonstrable experience with the technology that makes up an end-to-end cloud platform and the services required to configure, deliver, support and manage that platform Maintain current knowledge of Technology risk management controls that includes an understanding of the different types of sensitive data, the associated risk profile of handling each type of data, and the appropriate risk mitigation strategies to be employed Ability to evaluate risks associated with third party engagements Direct experience with agile software development processes Proven management experience of cross functional/matrix teams located globally Excellent relationship management, strong influencing and communication skills with all levels of the organization Possess high learning agility, pragmatism and good judgment Ability to handle fast paced, multi-task environment Preferred qualifications: • Master’s degree in Technology, Digital, Data Sciences or other relevant discipline Experience working in Technology within the Fast Moving Consumer Goods/Pharmaceutical Industry with experience in Risk Management & Compliance Demonstrable experience in managing emerging technology risks and/or use of emerging technology (e.g., Artificial Intelligence, Blockchain, Robotics) to execute compliance activities Experience in interpreting policies, procedures and processes for ensuring compliance Why GSK? : At GSK, our mission is to improve the quality of human life by enabling people to do more, feel better and live longer. Our three world-leading businesses research and deliver innovative medicines, vaccines and consumer healthcare products. We need a talented and motivated workforce to deliver against our strategy. To achieve this, we strive to attract the best people and to create an environment that empowers and inspires. Contact information: You may apply for this position online by selecting the Apply now button. _If you require an accommodation or other assistance to apply for a job at GSK, please contact the GSK HR Service Centre at 1-877-694-7547 (US Toll Free) or +1 801 567 5155 (outside US)._ _GSK is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, disability, genetic information, military service, covered/protected veteran status or any other federal, state or local protected class._ __ _Important notice to Employment businesses/ Agencies_ _GSK does not accept referrals from employment businesses and/or employment agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. All employment businesses/agencies are required to contact GSK's commercial and general procurement/human resources department to obtain prior written authorization before referring any candidates to GSK. The obtaining of prior written authorization is a condition precedent to any agreement (verbal or written) between the employment business/ agency and GSK. In the absence of such written authorization being obtained any actions undertaken by the employment business/agency shall be deemed to have been performed without the consent or contractual agreement of GSK. GSK shall therefore not be liable for any fees arising from such actions or any fees arising from any referrals by employment businesses/agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site._ Please note that if you are a US Licensed Healthcare Professional or Healthcare Professional as defined by the laws of the state issuing your license, GSK may be required to capture and report expenses GSK incurs, on your behalf, in the event you are afforded an interview for employment. This capture of applicable transfers of value is necessary to ensure GSK’s compliance to all federal and state US Transparency requirements. For more information, please visit GSK’s Transparency Reporting For the Record site.