Junior Database Administrator At The Fellowship, your database management experience can be used to help over a million Jews in need each year. The International Fellowship of Christians and Jews, a non-profit organization with US Headquarters in downtown Chicago, offers a ray of hope to the most vulnerable Jews around the world. We also serve as a great resource for building bridges of understanding between Christians and Jews. As a Junior DBA, you’ll have responsibility for daily database administration and maintenance, ensuring security, integrity, and performance of database servers. You’ll also provide support and oversite of data integration with external vendors and fulfill data segmentation requests. Your growing career can have great meaning in serving others as you perform some of the following functions: Troubleshooting database configuration, performance, and reliability issues.Maintaining database documentation on a monthly basis. Testing disaster recovery and failover plans. Fulfilling data segmentation requests and ensuring adherence of request workflow to business processes. Developing, deploying and maintaining extract, transform, and load (ETL) processes. Supporting other departments to effectively and reliably use data stored with external vendors. Auditing data held by external vendors to ensure integrity and timely synchronization. Researching products, frameworks, trends, and tools to improve the efficiency and offerings of the DBA team and the Information Services department. As the ideal candidate, you’ll possess these qualities and experience: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent discipline or equivalent experience 1-3 years of experience in database management and writing SQL database queries Knowledge of backups and restores in modern versions of Microsoft SQL Server Extract, Transformation, Load (ETL) development skills Exposure to working directly with Analytics, Marketing, and Production departments Experience in a non-profit environment or with non-profit customers is a plus Strong ability to effectively and tactfully communicate orally and in writing, integrating non-technical terms with management and end users for information and reporting delivery solutions Good analytical and problem solving skills Detail-orientation and highly organized Strong initiative and good judgment; ability to prioritize and manage multiple projects, adhering to strict timelines We offer a friendly, rewarding place to work, great benefits, and an office located near public transportation. If your interest has been piqued and your heart touched please submit your cover letter, resume and salary requirements so that your journey in helping others through _The Fellowship’s_ mission can begin. Thank you for your interest in joining our team. We are an equal opportunity employer.