This position serves as a Business Systems Analyst within the DFPS Information Resource Management Organization (IT). Under the direction of the Quality Management Services (QMS) Director, this position supports tasks related to quality management, business process management, key performance measure definition and reporting and strategic planning. Specific tasks may include (but are not limited to): defining business processes, defining key performance indicator metrics, architecting and implementing technical solutions to collect and report on key performance indicator metrics , providing training on the department’s Quality program, and managing change management activities. This position will primarily focus on systems and technology planning including software data modeling for business intelligence and reporting, software workflow and work process modeling, business process engineering, and supporting strategic planning and change management initiatives. This position works under limited supervision of the QMS Director, with general latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment. This position is classified as a full-time position (40 hours a week). Work outside of regular business hours may be required. Travel to other work locations may be required. Performs special projects and other duties as assigned. Essential Job Functions: • Assist management with business, functional, technical and operational requirements elicitation for system owners. • Develop requirements documentation including models, use cases, business process maps, and specifications and provide technical clarification to both business and technical staff. • Evaluate compatibility and interoperability of commercial off-the-shelf or in-house technology systems. • Define, collect, and translate both functional and technical requirements into draft business process diagrams, workflow models, use cases, UML diagrams and similar documentation for software development. • Develop and finalize model workflows in Microsoft Office® applications like Visio, SmartDraw®, and/or similar tools. • Research, analyze, and recommend the technical direction for the IRM’s Quality Management System including but not limited to: completing needs analyses, requirements gathering and analysis, solution modeling, solution evaluation, solution acquisition or development, solution testing, solution integration, and solution maintenance. • Identify, research, and score workflow management and business intelligence tools for use within the QMS team including review and analyzing the effectiveness and efficiency of current tools. • Conduct research on software and hardware products and technology services to justify recommendations and to support purchasing efforts. • Compose and deliver reports, recommendations, or alternatives that address existing and potential risk areas across the organization. • Develop Intranet sites using website development software as well as SharePoint 2010, 2013, and/or SharePoint 2016. • Collect requirements for building SharePoint site(s) and manages related layouts, structure and content requirements through implementation and ongoing maintenance. • Document and manage SharePoint architecture, workflow configuration, permissions, and security for sites and sub-sites. • Develop and deploys custom developed and third-party SharePoint solution packages • Develop and configure SharePoint dashboards to illustrate and report on department performance measures. • Develop and deliver comprehensive SharePoint-based IT Quality training to staff at all levels of IRM as well as external users as needed. • Document business processes, policies and procedures as well as associated performance metrics throughout the IT organization (IRM Program). • Work with IRM leadership to design and implement the IRM program’s quality management and process improvement initiatives. • Serve as point of contact for the QMS business process improvement and strategic planning projects, while also providing subject matter expertise for the QMS initiatives and processes. • Develop project plans and project work breakdown structures for process improvement efforts. • Collect, document, and organize IT business process information into a comprehensive business process library. • Manage the collection and reporting of Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) across the IRM program areas to assist IRM leadership with developing and measuring performance metrics. • Benchmarks performance metrics and operational metrics against similarly sized and scoped IT organizations to assist the IT leadership with best practices for setting and measuring the IT program’s organizational success. • Participate and assist with IRM strategic planning activities including documenting goals, objectives, and performance measures for the IT strategic plan and develops appropriate methods for measuring the IT programs results against the plan. • Coordinate and conduct some staff training relating to quality management systems, business process improvement, and effective KPI creation. • Conduct routine and ad-hoc audits, assessments, and functional reviews of IT work teams to determine and document operational efficiency, issues, operational risks, and other related information. • Establish, document, and maintain a comprehensive issues and risk registry to ensure effective execution of risk management activities. • Develop and recommend business process, organizational, and/or performance measurement changes based on analysis and findings. • Conduct routine audits of processes, performance-to-target, risks, accomplishments, and areas of improvement. Knowledge Skills Abilities: • Working knowledge of Microsoft SharePoint® including familiarity with workflow modeling, document library management, version control and management, list management, view management, security management, etc. • Working knowledge of large scale-computer systems and administration of business intelligence software (e.g. Tableau, Looker, Cognos, Qlikview, etc.) • Working knowledge of quality management systems, the process approach to quality management, and business process design and re-engineering • Working knowledge of change management methodologies and techniques • Knowledge of time and resources databases used in an IT environment for tracking IT project resources. • Advanced skill/proficiency with productivity software including the Microsoft (MS) Office Suite; especially Microsoft Project, Excel, PowerPoint, Word, SharePoint, and Visio including integrations between these applications. • Advanced skill with written and oral communication and the ability to communicate with all levels of an organization in a variety of formats. • Advanced skill with creating and prioritizing quality improvement- focused business or technical recommendations and manage the implementation of these recommendations. • Skill analyzing and interpreting program and technical information including regulations, policies, and business rules to aid in DFPS IT program goal and priority setting; • Skill with comprehending, interpreting, and applying various project, quality, and model-based methodologies, critical thinking, and problem-solving skills to complex issues within a fast-paced, deadline-driven, information technology environment. • Ability to work independently as well as lead diverse teams through complex projects and initiatives from idea through the project and into ongoing operations. • Ability to simultaneously manage multiple assignments using project management methodology best practices. • Ability to evaluate and install technical solutions to improve business processes. • Ability to troubleshoot issues, identify root cause of issues, and permanently resolve issues. Registration or Licensure Requirements: • Proven SharePoint administrative experience including workflow development and maintenance, permissions management, and data analytics and visualization. • Proven website content development and maintenance experience. • Prefer previous experience in Federal, State, or local government in a quality management-related position. • Prefer familiarity with Six Sigma, DMAIC, and/or ITIL concepts. Initial Selection Criteria: • Graduation from an accredited four-year university or college with major coursework in quality management, public administration, information technology, business, computer information systems, management information systems, or a related field; equivalent experience and education may be substituted for one another on a year-for-year basis; • Minimum of three years of technical experience with Microsoft SharePoint workflow creation and maintenance. • Minimum three years’ experience creating, organizing, and managing content located on online internet websites; • Documented experience with Microsoft (MS) Office Suite; including project planning software (e.g., MS Excel or Project); • Documented experience with business intelligence software (e.g., Tableau, Looker, Cognos, Qlikview, etc.) • Prefer certification in at least one quality management methodology, e.g., ISO 900x, Lean Quality Management, Six Sigma, etc.; • Prefer ITIL Foundation Certification. Additional Information: • Candidates selected for interviews must bring two different writing samples relevant to the position and composed entirely by the applicant to demonstrate the candidate’s writing and analysis abilities. • Candidates selected for interviews must provide transcripts (official or unofficial) at time of interview. Note: There may be no military occupation(s) that relate to the initial selection criteria and registration or licensure requirements for this position. All active duty military, reservists, guardsmen, and veterans are encouraged to apply if qualified to fill this position. For more information see the Texas State Auditor’s Military Crosswalk at http://www.hr.sao.state.tx.us/Compensation/JobDescriptions.aspx. In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview. HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work. I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form. In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview.