Omnichannel Analyst-180016655 At U.S. Bank, we're passionate about helping customers and the communities where we live and work. The fifth-largest bank in the United States, we’re one of the country's most respected, innovative and successful financial institutions. U.S. Bank is an equal opportunity employer committed to creating a diverse workforce. We consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, religion, color, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status, among other factors. Reporting to an Analytics Manager, this individual will provide advanced analytics and support to the Omnichannel team. They will feel at ease querying databases, integrating data from multiple/disparate sources, conducting sophisticated quantitative analyses and presenting their findings as clear, actionable insights and recommendations that enable revenue growth, channel adoption and customer acquisition and retention. The ideal candidate will be a motivated professional who is passionate about data and data visualization. They must have strong technical and analytical skills, with the ability to understand the business goals/needs, and be committed to delivering data driven insights that lead to actionable recommendations. This individual will also work to build strong and effective relationships across ERA, the Omnichannel team, and the Enterprise to determine analytic needs, predict trends and ensure business questions are being answered in the most appropriate manner, in service of acquiring, deepening and retaining precious U.S. Bank Customer and Client relationships. They will also possess a strong willingness to learn and teach, and will aid in leading change across a matrix organization and driving Employee Engagement. They will simplify complexity by successfully utilizing data and analytics tools & techniques to enable better, more customer-centered decisions. They will be expert in advanced analytical tools and statistical techniques to separate “signal from noise” in order to derive insights that will help answer key business questions. Qualifications Basic Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative field such as applied mathematics, economics, statistics, engineering or related field required 5-7 years of experience in analytics, demonstrating a progressive increase in responsibility and scope Expert user of advanced analytics tools & techniques to perform analysis and interpret data – some examples are: SQL, SAS, R, Python, Excel, Alteryx, Hadoop, etc. Expert user of analytics data visualization tools such as Tableau Expert in analytic storytelling and presentation, including PowerPoint and other presentation tools Demonstrated project management and organization skills Preferred Qualifications Advanced Degree Experience in financial services with knowledge of products, customers, transaction and interaction data, including source systems a big plus Demonstrated understanding of statistical analyses methodologies Ability to work and thrive in collaborative work environment as well as independently to drive results Impeccable attention to detail, while being comfortable with data ambiguity Proven track record of driving Analytics into actionable business outcomes Demonstrated ability to influence change across a complex organization Job Information Technology Primary Location Minnesota-MN-Richfield Shift 1st - Daytime Travel Yes, 5 % of the Time Average Hours Per Week 40