Description The Naval Nuclear Laboratory is seeking a highly motivated professional to join our Information Technology team. Apply to this position if you're seeking to work in a mission-driven, technically diverse and dynamic environment with a strong technical team focused on learning and continuous improvement. If you are hired into this position, you will help maintain Oracle databases and database infrastructure across multiple sites with support from senior DBAs. You will provide support to users and developers, monitor system performance, security, and configurations, and improve operations. You will serve as an interface between the IT organization and the Lines of Business to ensure the information technology needs of the user communities are addressed. As your skills and experience grow, you will be encouraged to take increasing responsibility for operational and project work. Your impact will be limited only by your ability and interest. A partial list of duties you will have: Proactively ensure production databases and underlying infrastructure are secure, running properly, and are responsive. Work with colleagues, users, and others to debug issues and restore or improve service as needed. Collaborate with developers and other stakeholders to ensure use of databases is consistent with best practices, policies, and intentions. Maintain recurring operational rhythm for backups, disaster recovery, resource utilization, and other operational tasks. Document your work and partner with teammates to ensure work is validated and repeatable, and that what we learn is useful consistently and repeatedly. Requirements Intermediate: Bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university and a minimum of two years of relevant experience; or Masters degree from an accredited college or university and relevant experience. Advanced: Bachelor's degree and a minimum of four years of relevant experience; or Masters degree from an accredited college or university and a minimum of two years of relevant experience Preferred Skills Bachelor's or Masters degree in Engineering, Science or Information Technology from an accredited college or university We will work with motivated applicants who have a solid technical foundation combined with an interest and ability to learn these skills: Fundamental knowledge of computing, preferably with Linux systems and relational databases. Awareness of computer infrastructure and associated fields, like hardware, networking, storage, virtualization, etc. Communicate clearly and listen sincerely. Use constructive approaches to solving problems and improving existing approaches. Collaborate openly and broadly to find and implement the best ideas regardless of their source.