The Data Governance Manager will manage the company’s global People (HR) data governance practice and be responsible for the creation and execution of data governance framework, policies and procedures. This role will provide Leadership and direction to the HR Data Compliance Analysts to ensure the quality and reliability of our People data through standards, processes, and technology. The ideal candidate will also partner with business partners, data governance stakeholders, and People Systems (HR Technology) to document current procedures, identify data integrity gaps and coordinate resolution. Job Description Details Define and execute data governance strategy including policies and procedures Create Data Governance Roadmap Work with Data Governance Analysts, business partners, data governance stakeholders and People Systems (HR Technology) to identify and document critical data elements, including metadata, lineage and business rules for in-scope systems. Promote and monitor the consistent and correct use of People Data Create, manage, and facilitate a process to identify and understand the critical data issues in terms of business impact/risk/opportunity. Develop metrics and scorecards so risk can be assessed and prioritized for remediation Drive key data quality measures across Business Units Define steps to establish a Data Governance Council Create and execute a communication plan that ensures data owners are aware of and understand the information governance strategy and policies and comprehend their role and responsibilities in relation to the strategy and policies. Ensure alignment between business unit-level procedures and data governance policies Qualifications: Strong Microsoft Office technical skills, including SharePoint, Excel and Visio systems or other enterprise document management database systems. Ability to educate and influence stakeholders regarding goals, objectives and approach to effectively achieve results. Must be able to communicate effectively and speak knowledgeably on the topic of data governance with team members of varying roles from operational level to senior executive level Strong track record of building and maintaining solid relationships with customers Knowledge of HR functions, procedures, and processes. Familiarity with at least one major HR HCM suite, Workday knowledge is a plus. Bachelor’s degree required, with concentration in Information Technology or Business preferred. Minimum 3 years’ experience working on information management, data governance and/or records management required. Minimum 2 years’ experience writing policies and procedures required. Manager, HR Data Governance QVC, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Liberty Interactive Corporation (NASDAQ: QVCA, QVCB), is the world’s leading video and ecommerce retailer. QVC is committed to providing its customers with thousands of the most innovative and contemporary beauty, fashion, jewelry and home products. Its programming is distributed to approximately 300 million homes worldwide through operations in the U.S., Japan, Germany, United Kingdom, Italy and a joint venture in China. Based in West Chester, Pa. and founded in 1986, QVC has evolved from a TV shopping company to a leading ecommerce and mobile commerce retailer. The company’s website, QVC.com, is ranked among the top general merchant Internet sites. QVC, Q, and the Q Ribbon Logo are registered service marks of ER Marks, Inc. As an equal opportunity employer, QVC is committed to a diverse workforce and is also committed to a barrier-free employment process. In order to ensure reasonable accommodations for individuals pursuant to applicable law, individuals that require accommodation in the job application process for a posted position may contact us at CareersUS@QVC.com for assistance.