Manager, Quality Assurance Reference Code: 50329 Location: United States (US) - Houston, TX Job Category: Health, Safety, Environment Employment Type: Employee Full-time Relocation Eligibility: This position is eligible for our domestic relocation program General Information TransCanada has a history of natural gas pipeline infrastructure development in the United States. We have built effective relationships and an excellent corporate reputation in the USA. The United States is a significant part of our North American strategy and our objective is to grow our position with the recent Columbia Pipeline Group acquisition and our existing business in the US. In July 2016, TransCanada acquired Columbia Pipeline Group with an extensive pipeline infrastructure growth portfolio. The portfolio included major projects such as Leach Xpress (160 miles 36” pipeline with compressor stations), Mountaineer Xpress (160 miles 36” pipeline with compressor stations) and Gulf Xpress (7 greenfield compressor stations). In addition to these projects, TransCanada has several medium size capacity addition projects and smaller pipeline integrity / maintenance projects that are conducted year to year. We are currently enhancing our Project Implementation Team for these infrastructure projects and require the following position. This new leader position will be responsible to oversee and direct quality professionals (up to 5 coordinators/admin) who are accountable for the quality assurance activities for the United States Gas Projects. Responsibilities Specifically involved in directing the Quality Assurance for US Gas Projects; Responsible for all quality management activities including but not limited to, preparing and reviewing quality management plans, ensuring quality assurance of the engineering, procurement and construction activities, coordinating the non-conformance system implementation (NCR management), and participating in the inspector on-boarding (both quality and construction); Responsible for all types of reports, charts, presentations, statistics or any other document required or related to Quality Management activities (both internal and external); Assists in any Contractor claims or claims to Contractors, as they relate to Quality; Liaison with Legal and other Corporate Departments, as necessary, to ensure adherence to corporate practices and policies and provide feedback as needed to ensure alignment to US regulations and law; Establish communication methods and information transfers between US Gas Projects and Calgary based Quality and Compliance groups; Ensure compliance with TransCanada TOMS and PDS (TransCanada Operating Management System and Project Delivery Standard) and ensure that processes are applied and practiced in all project work (or variances are properly administered where necessary); Ensures functional excellence through collaboration with other US Gas Projects Team Managers who are accountable for functional excellence across all Capital Projects; Work with internal and external customers and other stakeholders to ensure that expectations are aligned, identified and met or exceeded; Develop and maintain performance indicators that align project Performance objectives across Quality; Provide input to the Project Risk Register and Mitigation Plan for area of responsibility; Assist with Contractor selection (sub-contractors) and contract negotiations, where necessary; Provide information for ongoing financial reports, progress reports, and cost / schedule projections; Participate in project reviews and provide input and guidance where necessary on quality issues; Manage, incorporate and share lessons learned/best practices from the US Gas Projects area; Coach and mentor staff in their performance and development, and help them realize their full potential; Other tasks as required. Qualifications and Education Qualifications: Strong communication skills, interpersonal influencing, management and leadership skills; Proven team player with the ability to work in cross-functional teams and to develop and maintain collaborative working relationships; Excellent computer skills, including proficiency in Excel and the ability to manage data sets obtained from various data sources. Education/Experience: Technical diploma or university degree with relevant experience in quality management systems and general project experience with high level of familiarity of general construction quality management principles and skills; Experience in welding, coating and supplier quality matters would be beneficial; Minimum 10 years of relevant experience, demonstrating the above requested qualifications. Location and Reporting The position will report to the Director, Safety, Quality & Construction, US Gas Projects located in Houston, Texas. Travel is estimated at 30 to 40%. Depending on the qualifications of the applicants, the successful candidate may be offered a position at a more appropriate level and/or ladder. Applicants must have legal authorization to work in the country in which the position is based with no restrictions. All positions require background screening. Some include criminal and/or credit checks in order to comply with regulations. Please apply to this posting by 08/21/2018. To apply, go to jobs.transcanada.com and enter Reference Code 50329. Only applications submitted through the TransCanada Careers website will be acknowledged. TransCanada is an equal opportunity employer and participates in the E-Verify program supervised by the U.S. Government. Make what you do matter. At TransCanada we dream big, think big and do big things. For over 60 years, we've had the vision and scale to deliver big things that matter to the world. From supplying reliable and efficient energy to millions of North Americans with our pipelines, gas storage and power generation facilities, we believe in making big things possible. TransCanada is looking for people who are willing to think about the future...and think big. We're looking for people who are ready to take on the most significant challenges of their careers and define energy infrastructure in North America. Thank you for choosing TransCanada in your career search.