As a Technical Associate you will be assisting the team in maintaining a portfolio of over three hundred live apps in the various app stores that we distribute to. As a Technical Associate you will assist in ensuring that apps for our clients are updated regularly, configured to include the latest features, and to minimize security risks. The ideal candidate is detail and process oriented, able to multitask, and communicate with internal teams. You should be comfortable working with command line interfaces and have a deep understanding of the popular mobile and TV app platforms (iOS, tvOS, Android, etc). Communication skills and an almost strange desire for checklists are strongly desired traits. In this role you will: Take code from development teams and generate app builds using command line tools Generate device-specific assets using Photoshop, Sketch, and other design tools Create, edit, and inspect JSON files Setup and manage app store backends (iTunes Connect, Google Play, etc) Help identify areas of our process that can be improved through automation tools Consistently work to improve the speed and reliability of our Branded App delivery pipeline Improve and expand upon documentation related to app delivery specifications and methods What we’re expecting: Excellent written and verbal communication Expert technical troubleshooting skills Prior experience with command line tools Proficiency in Photoshop Flexibility to manage technical issues outside of normal hours Strong familiarity with web and video streaming technology Ability to be self-directed and manage time effectively in a fast paced environment Cool as a cucumber under pressure About the Solutions team: We work to make sure that our clients can reach their customers in the ways that are most convenient for them, no matter where their favorite screen is. We currently maintain over three hundred live apps across the various app stores that we operate in and that number goes up every week. As we add new platforms, features, and options to our apps we need to ensure we are consistently maintaining our apps to a level that our clients expect. About the Vimeo OTT team: Vimeo is building the largest open video platform in the world without interruptive advertising. The company is in an exciting new phase of growth. Vimeo OTT provides an end-to-end technology solution for individual creators, niche programmers and major media partners building and distributing premium over-the-top (OTT) video channels (think Netflix in-a-box!). We work very closely with individual creators all the way up to enterprise sellers. With over one hundred subscription channels with over 300 apps on iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, Android, Android TV, Amazon Fire TV, Roku, Xbox, and Samsung Tizen Smart TVs, OTT focuses on the core technology while our sellers focus on what they do best: making content. We believe we can build a platform that is powerful and customizable enough to serve as the backbone to all premium video networks across the globe.