About Kony Kony helps organizations of all sizes reach digital success. We provide the most innovative and secure omnichannel applications, with exceptional user experience and design, empowering organizations to excel at digital. From delighting consumers and partners to supporting employees, our expertise in all things digital ensures our customers the ability to get ahead and stay ahead, resulting in transformation outcomes. Kony is the fastest growing, cloud-based digital application solutions company, and a recognized industry leader among low code, digital and mobile application development platform providers, and an emerging leader in the digital banking market. Our Team The Customer Success team protects the future of Kony by following the customer lifecycle and ensuring Customer Success at each step along the way. We onboard new customers to our subscription products to get them on the path to success, quickly search out and rescue them if they don’t, and renew satisfied customers’ year over. We also work with partners to help them with an implementation providing, key technical and architectural guidance to ensure a successful implementation, a satisfied customer, and a successful partner. We’re the frontline evangelists, the direct line to our customers and partners. Backed by the strength of the Kony brand we act as trusted advisors to solve our customers’ mobility problems. This trust is due to the quality products we offer and the knowledge that we can confidently stand behind them with an award-winning global support, training and Customer Success team that are dedicated to our customers’ success. Our Ideal Candidate You’re technically proficient and have the patience and passion to guide customers, partners and stakeholders through all the capabilities of our products and solutions. Whether it’s a best practice session for a new customer, addressing technical pain points, or enabling a team on our technology, you’re willing to take the time to provide deep explanations and find solutions where needed. You find a collaborative work environment rewarding yet are equally adept at and content working independently. As an influential and effective teacher, you are eager to share your knowledge and best practices and to develop and sustain an open line of communication with your supervisor and teammates. If your team members or customers are in remote locations, you are comfortable with travel in order to engage face-to-face. In addition, you have the following attributes: An ability to rapidly understand and translate clients’ business challenges and concerns into a solution-oriented discussion. Persuasive communication skills for presenting to all customer levels, from CTOs/CIOs, to engineering managers and programmers. Resourcefulness, creativity and strategic thinking for troubleshooting problems. Your Opportunity As a technically adept, collaborative Customer Success Architect (CSA) you’ll work with other members of the Customer Focus team to address the technical needs of existing customers and secure renewals with the Digital Client Execs and Regional Managers. In this role, you’ll serve as a counselor and adviser to customers and a technical coach to coworkers, providing advice and guidance throughout the customer lifecycle. Since the Customer Success team is responsible for securing and growing the existing subscription customer base, members of the Customer Success team are instrumental to Kony’s future growth in the world. Your Responsibilities Customer Success Architect is responsible for supporting the technical side of ensuring that a Customer adopts our Technology through some proven methodologies for their success. This individual will have both business acumen as well as technical savvy to understand a customer’s business drivers and recommend a solution through our technology. Below are the high-level activities of a CSA. Work with enterprise Customers to define business objectives, operational readiness and strategic initiatives related to mobility for up to 2 months (onsite/remote) Assist with onboarding customers delivering workshops, deliver architecture sessions, and guide the customer through implementation as needed Conduct key technical checkpoints and workshops such as Health Checks, New Release planning sessions, Kony Roadmap, QBR’s etc. Build Demo applications and architect mobile solutions for the customer Ensure a solution is implemented aligning business value with Kony capabilities that will produce exceptional and measurable results Assist with Business Value metrics and outcomes post implementation Resolve customer issue escalations requiring technical depth of customers’ environment. Build and maintain strong relationships with multiple contacts within assigned customer base Advocate for customers internally at Kony – work closely with product management on product roadmap and future features and functionality Help Sales and Customer Success identify and drive up-sell / cross-sell opportunities for Kony’s suite of solutions and services Maintain expertise on industry trends/practices and competitive landscape Help define and build out the technical aspects of the Kony Success Blueprint (success methodology) ROI analysis used to quantitate progress and success in partnership with the Value Engineering team. Be a Kony Community Evangelist sharing Best Practices on Kony Solutions, contributing Documents, Discussion and Q/A, post video and demos to Kony Base Camp Travel to multiple customer locations for workshops and meetings as needed REQUIREMENTS/QUALIFICATIONS 7+ years of industry experience, with a portion of that tenure working in a customer-facing technical service environment Ability to scope customer requirements and relate them to solutions Strong collaboration and communication skills, leadership, organization, and the ability to work well in teams Having delivered mobile or platform-based solutions to a customer in the last year. This must have been done using a toolkit or technologies similar to the Kony. Ability to work with remote teams, helping solve customer problems at a customers site. Ability to troubleshoot network and proxy connectivity at locked down customer sites like Banks and other Financial institutions Strong analytical skills and demonstrated creative problem-solving approach Experience in presenting solution architectures to customers Desire to remain “hands-on” with mobile technology while also working in a business capacity creating solutions for customers Self-motivated, organized, able to multi-task, resourceful, flexible and focused team player Critical thinker who addresses issues quickly and who consistently exceeds performance standards Good working knowledge of JavaScript, JSON, XPath, JAVA or other structured programming 3GL languages such as C, C++ C, JavaScript, JSP/Servlet, J2EE design patterns, XML, XHTML, prevalent XML parsers and related technologies, Service Integration Concepts (especially with RESTFUL services/ SOAP-based web services), CSS and HTML4 & 5 Experience with IOS or Android mobile app development Expertise working with J2EE Application Server Infrastructures (e.g. IBM WebSphere, Oracle WebLogic, Apache Tomcat or JBoss) 50%-60% Travel NICE TO HAVE QUALIFICATIONS Exposure and understanding of SOA, ESB, SOA Governance Experience developing mobile applications using native device SDKS, primarily for either iOS or Android OS’s Experience developing mobile applications in a web or Hybrid architecture for any top-tier mobile OSs Authoritative experience developing and deploying production mobile applications technologies, such as Kony, Outsystems, Mendix, Xamarin, or PhoneGap.