Job Title Quality Assurance Manager, Data Analytics Job Description Data Analyst-Quality Analytics Manager In this role, you have the opportunity to: Be an important part of Monitoring/Analytics and Therapeutic Care’s expanding efforts in Data Analytics- approaches, tools and techniques, to increase efficiency, ensure quality and increase efficiency. You are responsible for: Manage/lead group of data analytics supporting our quality initiatives within Philips. Utilizing and developing new approaches, techniques in the areas of Data Analysis/Analytics, modeling Responsible for data analytics and additional support of performance measures, ongoing measurement, data collection, reporting, and information dissemination. Compile and analyze trending reports to identify opportunities to improve quality and decrease cost. Ability to manipulate and analyze large data sets Demonstrated expertise in managing complex analysis and supporting improvement projects. Review Quality Operations KPI’s for Monitoring/Analytics and Therapeutic Care (M/A & TC) Ability to manage and prioritize multiple projects simultaneously. You are a part of: An organization that believes-what you do every day can contribute to the innovative health technologies and solutions we develop that make a positive impact on billions of people every year. Including you. Because you’ll find when you work at Philips that your professional and personal lives often intersect in unexpected and fulfilling ways. It’s our mission to improve people’s lives through meaningful innovation and we want you to play a central role in this by leading teams, driving projects, thinking strategically and inspiring colleagues from all over the world. To succeed, you should have the following skills and experience: BS or MS in Statistics, Computer Science, Business Administration or a related field. Experience analyzing large sets of data in the Healthcare, Finance, Insurance, or other applicable industries 5+ years’ experience in data analytics/analysis Dashboards and reporting Data modeling, analytics, visualization, trend analysis Excellent oral and written communication skills Ability to work with cross-functional teams In return, we offer you: New challenges that will sharpen your talents within our dynamic organization. As a market-driven company, we’re used to listening to our customers & apply the same thinking to our employees. We offer a competitive salary, outstanding benefits and flexibility in a career with a positive and supportive atmosphere in which to develop your talents further. We are happy to provide an opportunity to work with a flexible team of highly skilled professionals that are able to find an excellent work-life balance. Just think the solutions you develop will give a better balance to the healthcare professionals and patients they are treating. In return, we offer you Describe in two to three lines what tangible and intangible benefits the incumbent will gain in this role. Use our Employer Value Proposition (EVP) themes and information gathered in the RSM as input sources. Why should you join Philips? Working at Philips is more than a job. It’s a calling to create a healthier society through meaningful work, focused on improving 3 billion lives a year by delivering innovative solutions across the health continuum. Our people experience a variety of unexpected moments when their lives and careers come together in meaningful ways. To find out more about what it’s like working for Philips at a personal level, visit the Working at Philips page on our career website, where you can read stories from our employee blog. Once there, you can also learn about our recruitment process, or find answers to some of the frequently asked questions. LI-PH1 Contact If you forgot your password, you can click the Forgot Password button on the Sign In screen to reset it. In case of technical difficulties, please send an email to careersite@philips.com. (Note: To ensure fairness and legal compliance in our recruitment processes, only technical issues will be monitored through the above inbox. Please do not submit resumes or applications to this email, as they will not be reviewed. Only applications received through the online application process will be considered.)