Job Category: Administrative, HR, Business Professionals Department: Office of CSC Excellence (320) Location: Los Angeles Garland, California, US Position Type: Full Time Requisition ID: 439 Established in 1997, L.A. Care Health Plan is an independent public agency created by the state of California to provide health coverage to low-income Los Angeles County residents. We are the nation’s largest publicly operated health plan. Serving more than 2 million members in five health plans, we make sure our members get the right care at the right place at the right time. Mission: L.A. Care’s mission is to provide access to quality health care for Los Angeles County's vulnerable and low-income communities and residents and to support the safety net required to achieve that purpose. The Business Analyst III facilitates business process improvement via the methodical investigation, analysis, review and documentation of functional business specifications. This position manages the requirements development process through the elicitation, analysis, specification and verification of multiple levels of requirements from an end-to-end perspective and supports the ongoing management of the requirements. This position will develop report and analysis for the department. It is responsible in communicating and coordinating with IT on a day-to-day department related efforts. The Business Analyst III will manage and coordinate the implementation and/or integration of products or new features for clients including client training and provides subject matter expertise (SME) and support of the department's inbound and outbound functions. This position will act as mentor to Business Analysts I/ II. QUALIFICATIONS AND REQUIREMENTS EDUCATION Required High School Diploma EXPERIENCE Required: With High School Diploma: Proven analytical/aptitude evidence by taking business requirements and converting into workflows. Proficient in Microsoft Office and Vizio Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Teamwork-focused/collaborative work style. Demonstrated ability to work successfully on large projects. Problem solving skills evidenced by demonstrated results in past positions. Ability to work under tight deadlines and handle multiple/detail-oriented tasks. Ability to influence at all levels of the organization. Preferred: With Associate's Degree: Proven analytical/technical aptitude evidenced by at least 7 years of successful experience in a quantitative role as a Business Analyst, Data Analyst, Programming Analyst, Claims processing, encounter processing. With Bachelor's Degree: Proven analytical/technical aptitude evidenced by at least 5 years of successful experience in a quantitative role as a Business Analyst, Data Analyst, Programming Analyst, Claims processing, encounter processing. With Master's Degree: Proven analytical/technical aptitude evidenced by 3 years of successful experience in a quantitative role as a Business Analyst, Data Analyst, Programming Analyst, Claims processing, encounter processing. Ability to work on other programs such as Sharepoint and/ or OneNote L.A. Care offer a wide range of benefits including Paid Time Off (PTO) Tuition Reimbursement Retirement Plans Medical, Dental and Vision Wellness Program Job Segment: Business Analyst, Medical, Claims, Finance, Healthcare, Insurance