Director of Analytics, Research, and Measurement (Policy Division- PD) Permanent Olympia, WA _This job posting will remain open until filled. Screening of application materials will begin immediately and will be on-going. It is in the applicants' best interest to submit their application materials as early as possible. The hiring manager reserves the right to make a hiring decision at any time. This job posting may be closed at any time without notice._ The Washington State Health Care Authority purchases health care for more than 2 million Washington residents through Apple Health (Medicaid), the Public Employees Benefits Board (PEBB) Program, and, beginning in 2020, the School Employees Benefits Board (SEBB) Program. As the largest health care purchaser in the state, we lead the effort to transform health care, helping ensure Washington residents have access to better health and better care at a lower cost. Most of our approximately 1200 employees work in our Cherry Street Plaza building or on the nearby Town Square campus. Located on the edge of downtown Olympia, we enjoy easy access to I-5 and highway 101, restaurants, coffee shops, a public library, and post office. And parking is free! Within the Policy Division, the Office of Analytics, Research, and Measurement (ARM) (formerly known as Analytics, Interoperability, and Measurement) is the primary source for high level data analysis and interpretation, responsible for facilitating policy design through data analytics and interpretation of data in support of statewide initiatives, policy and clinical research for Medicaid and PEBB programs. You will be responsible for: Managing grants. Providing an overarching vision to the ARM unit of PD. Collaborating within and outside the HCA to provide data products. Collaborating with the Director and Managers to analyze and interpret data to assist in policy design. The accountability for internal and external evaluators with regards to timeliness and accuracy of requested data and analysis. Leading sophisticated health research that evaluate the needs, demand, use and outcomes of health services and the impact of proposed interventions. Planning, directing and coordinating projects and resources to support policy research, particularly in regards to data driven analysis and measurement. Providing project guidance for 10+ FTEs in order to meet federal and state deadlines. Planning and supervising the development of cross-program and interagency databases to influence program design, business, operations, and evaluation activities. Managing contracts with consultants by developing project scope and deliverables and providing additional guidance to ensure project goals and work products meet expectations. Researching health care trends, reform, innovative models, and connect with counterparts in other states on these items in order to find evidence-based policy and lessons learned for the development of Washington health policy. Advising Governor's health policy and budget advisors, HCA executives and operations staff, stakeholders, tribes, and legislative committees using data driven, evidence based practices. Leading sophisticated analytical research studies that evaluate the needs, demand, use and outcomes of health services and the impact of proposed interventions. Assuring that deliverables provide valid, rigorous, timely information that is understandable and relevant to the business objectives of the projects. Required Education, Experience and Competencies. A graduate degree in a discipline that demonstrates experience in understanding the rigors of scientific research. At least three years of responsibility for managing research and/or technical data staff; advanced knowledge of analysis and research methods; experience with a wide range of Washington health care data. AND At least three years of senior level management experience including health policy development. Preferred/Desired Education, Experience. Experience managing data driven policy in a health or human service organization; experience with assessing payment and delivery system redesign; five-years of experience leading diverse teams including research and/or technical staff. Demonstrated education, experience and competency in team leadership, strategic planning, and performance management. Demonstrated ability to handle multiple priorities and projects in a fast paced environment. Strong writing skills; excellent oral communication and presentation skills, and excellent negotiation skills. How to Apply: Only candidates who reflect the minimum qualifications on their State application will be considered. To apply for this position you will need to complete your profile and attach: A cover letter Current resume Three professional references _If you have questions about the process, or need reasonable accommodation, please contact the recruiter before the posting closes. The candidate pool certified for this recruitment may be used to fill future similar vacancies for up to the next six months_ _._ _Washington State is an equal opportunity employer. Persons with disabilities needing assistance in the application process, or those needing this job announcement in an alternative format may call the Human Resources Office at 360.725.0945 or email_ _Sidra.Fields@hca.wa.gov_ __ _Prior to a new hire, a background check including criminal record history will be conducted. Information from the background check will not necessarily preclude employment but will be considered in determining the applicant's suitability and competence to perform in the position. _