POSITION SUMMARY Position will provide consultation on the design, testing and enhancement of information reporting, including technical assistance and development of tools to support health plan operations. Provides insight to data quality and provides feedback to various areas in order to improve system processes and enhancement efforts. Fundamental Components: Validates routine reports and deliverables for accuracy and timeliness per specifications and workflows. Leads or acts as a business technical expert in the design of new applications or enhancements including integration of solutions. Influences enhancements to business processes and system infrastructure to improve data quality availability and access. Analyzes complex data for trends, highlights in-depth interpretations, and provides in-depth root cause analysis. Translates complex data into constructive data and information and makes recommendations. Defines, identifies, develops, and implements information products to support strategic business and operational planning. Use technology to automate reporting across multiple functional areas. Educates customer on the value, use, and interpretation of product information. BACKGROUND/EXPERIENCE desired: 4-6 years of data interpretation and analysis experience. Extensive experience with databases as well interpretation and manipulation of related data. Strong technical skills required, including SQL, Excel, and Access. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Healthcare background preferred. Visual Basic preferred. EDUCATION The highest level of education desired for candidates in this position is a Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience. FUNCTIONAL EXPERIENCES Functional - Information Management/Data acquisition, data management, programming and documentation/4-6 Years Functional - Information Management/Provides very complex programming and analytical support for medical cost trend analysis and strategic planning/4-6 Years Functional - Information Management/Data Warehousing/4-6 Years Functional - Information Management/Informatics/4-6 Years Functional - Information Technology/Data / info management & architecture/1-3 Years TECHNOLOGY EXPERIENCES Technical - Database/SQL Server/4-6 Years/Power User Technical - Database/Microsoft Access/4-6 Years/System Support Technical - Development Tools/Microsoft Visual Studio/1-3 Years/Administrator REQUIRED SKILLS General Business/Applying Reasoned Judgment/ADVANCED General Business/Turning Data into Information/MASTERY Service/Demonstrating Service Discipline/ADVANCED DESIRED SKILLS General Business/Consulting for Solutions/ADVANCED Technology/Selecting and Applying Technology Solutions/ADVANCED General Business/Communicating for Impact/MASTERY Telework Specifications: Option for telework will be evaluated after a certain period of employment. Will consider telework for outside of this area with adequate skills and experience. ADDITIONAL JOB INFORMATION Aetna is about more than just doing a job. This is our opportunity to re-shape healthcare for America and across the globe. We are developing solutions to improve the quality and affordability of healthcare. What we do will benefit generations to come. We care about each other, our customers and our communities. We are inspired to make a difference, and we are committed to integrity and excellence. Together we will empower people to live healthier lives. Aetna is an equal opportunity & affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment regardless of personal characteristics or status. We take affirmative action to recruit, select and develop women, people of color, veterans and individuals with disabilities. We are a company built on excellence. We have a culture that values growth, achievement and diversity and a workplace where your voice can be heard. Benefit eligibility may vary by position. Click here to review the benefits associated with this position. Aetna takes our candidates's data privacy seriously. At no time will any Aetna recruiter or employee request any financial or personal information (Social Security Number, Credit card information for direct deposit, etc.) from you via e-mail. Any requests for information will be discussed prior and will be conducted through a secure website provided by the recruiter. Should you be asked for such information, please notify us immediately.