PwC/LOS Overview PwC is a network of firms committed to delivering quality in assurance, tax and advisory services. We help resolve complex issues for our clients and identify opportunities. Learn more about us at www.pwc.com/us. At PwC, we develop leaders at all levels. The distinctive leadership framework we call the PwC Professional (http://pwc.to/pwcpro) provides our people with a road map to grow their skills and build their careers. Our approach to ongoing development shapes employees into leaders, no matter the role or job title. Are you ready to build a career in a rapidly changing world? Developing as a PwC Professional means that you will be ready to create and capture opportunities to advance your career and fulfill your potential. To learn more, visit us at www.pwc.com/careers. PwC Advisory helps our clients with their most challenging imperatives from strategy through execution. We combine the breadth of knowledge of over 48,000 global professionals with deep industry knowledge to deliver custom solutions for our clients. We work with the world's largest and most complex companies and understand the unique business issues and opportunities our clients face. Job Description Businesses today are confronted daily by corruption, fraud and other unplanned events. Our growing Advisory Forensics Services practice delivers clarity and confidence to prevent, respond to and remediate our client’s complex legal, regulatory and economic crime challenges whether in one country or worldwide. With a strong Forensics presence in more than 75 countries, we thrive on dealing with the most complex problems and that can mean investigating allegations of fraud or corruption, assisting to resolve disputes, addressing regulatory anxieties or responding to threats. Our Forensics Services practice possess a combination of both forensic technology and accounting professionals in offering clients a unilateral advantage in investigating issues that extend across borders or that afflict multinational organizations. With advanced technology solutions and data preservation techniques, we analyze your information to provide you with answers to the who, what, and when of investigations and other complex, high-risk situations. Our Digital Forensics and eDiscovery team helps clients protect opportunities in today's evolving business landscape operating over 14 global centers and 60 forensic labs. Our team employs a comprehensive investigative approach driven by its high tech crime investigators and advanced analytic capabilities to solve our client’s most challenging issues in a defensible manner suitable for presentation in a court of law. We apply advanced, strategic approaches to assist our clients with complex information management and analysis challenges by combining data analytics techniques, sophisticated technology tools, and information management principles to help our clients make well-informed decisions. Our harmonious global methodology, training curriculum, and technology equip our professionals with streamlined processing and managed review workflows for multi-jurisdictional matters. The consistent technologies combined with our proprietary tool enhancements, yield efficient workflows in which filtering, de-duplication and reporting are commonly integrated across our global centers and forensic labs. To enhance and streamline our workflows, our professionals also provide strong data analysis skill sets when custom workflows and reporting are requested. Our professionals employ the right technology to complement our investigation strategy, analytics, artificial intelligence and machine learning technology to derive insights into your data and quickly identify key relationships, investigative insights, and hone in on clusters of documents that are conceptually relevant to the matter. Position/Program Requirements Minimum Year(s) of Experience: 3 Minimum Degree Required: Bachelor's degree Degree Preferred: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or a Masters in Information Systems. Certification(s) Preferred: EnCase Certified Examiner (EnCE), Certified Fraud Examiner (CFE), and/or Relativity Certified Administrator (RCA). Knowledge Preferred: Demonstrates thorough knowledge and/or a proven record of success in security, forensics and analysis, IT strategy and operations, design and implementation, and business applications. Skills Preferred: Demonstrates thorough abilities and/or a proven record of success in the following areas: Delivering forensic technology, eDiscovery services, and building relationships with clients; Demonstrating working experience with any of the following products / tools: Nuix, Relativity, EnCase, Cellebrite, BlackBag, Brainspace, litigation-support software, Microsoft SQL Server, Visual Basic, Microsoft .NET framework, Microsoft Access, SQL, Microsoft Exchange, Lotus Notes/Domino, or system administration experience in Microsoft, Linux/Unix, or Macintosh; Identifying and addressing client needs, actively participating in client discussions and meetings; communicating a broad range of firm services; managing engagements including preparing concise, accurate documents; and balancing project economics management with the occurrence of unanticipated issues; and, Creating a positive environment by monitoring workloads of the team while meeting client expectations and respecting the work-life quality of team members, providing candid, meaningful feedback in a timely manner, and keeping leadership informed of progress and issues.