Position Purpose: Prepare and manage strategically positioned Requests for Proposals (RFPs) responses for prospective and current Cigna clients through effective project and resource management. Own the proposal process, respond to questionnaires by crafting responses that clearly portray Cigna's strategies/solutions, manage matrix partner relationships, set timetables and deadlines and incorporate strategy into final product.. Ensure the final product is of high quality, depicts Cigna's value proposition, resonates with our external clients and meets all client specifications. The position supports the Cigna Group Insurance suite of products, including Life, AD&D;, STD, LTD, FMLA, Accidental Injury, Critical Illness and Hospital Care. What will I be doing? Primary Responsibilities include but are not limited to: Own and manage the coordination and completion of all proposal materials ensuring all deadlines are met. Maintain/display thorough/complete knowledge of existing products, administrative processes, and new initiatives as they are introduced. Have a thorough/complete understanding of the National, Regional and Government Segments alignments, including the sales force structure and selling styles. Facilitate strategy call, including strategy agenda, respond to questionnaires, RFP outsourcing and post strategy call notes, identifying customer specific issues and focus proposal team resources effectively. Add to/lead and communicate the strategic direction of the RFP preparation/coordination by performing the necessary research of the client/industry/competition etc. Offer alternatives and suggestions based on client research to position Cigna in a more positive light. Effectively manage timeline and negotiate delivery dates with Sales, Subject Matter Experts (SMEs) and other Matrix Partners and provide alternative solutions to meet their needs. Provide timely and consistent communication to sales, Matrix Partners and SMEs, both written and verbal. Obtain information needed to support RFP process and offer feedback to Matrix Partners on information provided regarding the impact (negative and/or positive) to the sales process. Respond to client questionnaires by providing unique responses that clearly highlight sales strategy, address the client’s key buying criteria and display Cigna’s competitive advantage in the marketplace. Identify questions requiring exclusive responses and outsource appropriately to SMEs to provide answers. Own the RFP and ensure questionnaire is complete and of the highest quality prior to shipping. Review the questionnaire for tone, flow and accuracy. All responses should be current, correct and complete. Develop table of contents, build and ship hard-copy proposal binders using the online Mimeo tool. Drive for binders to be as complete as possible. Minimize the activities that Matrix Partners (e.g. Sales) are required to handle prior to delivery to broker. Drive for newer, better, and faster ways of completing each RFP, seeking opportunities to add consultative value to each RFP. Participate on project teams to insure that project related tasks meet project expectations including quality and timeliness. Constructively recommend specific ways Proposal Management can improve the quality of its work and the efficiency of its operation. What’s in it for you? Great team environment! We have fun and get our work done too! Potential to work from home up 1-2 days per week. (after training is complete) Professional and personal development opportunities along with tons of exposure to many areas of the organization! A working environment that embraces diversity. Qualifications What do I need for this position? Position requires significant technical knowledge, strong written and verbal communication skills, a thorough understanding of Cigna's products and services, high level organizational ability and strong project management skills. Individual must be detail oriented, energetic, possess a can do will do attitude, be collaborative, customer-focused, innovative, results-oriented and solution focused. Excellent organizational skills and ability to meet deadlines. Must be able to function in a fast-paced environment and collaborate with key stakeholders. Strong personal computing skills, emphasizing on the Microsoft Office suite of programs is required. Bachelor's degree or equivalent work experience. _Candidates chosen for interview should be prepared to provide writing samples._ What would be nice to have? Experienced in preparation of responses to Request for Proposals (RFPs) and Request for Information (RFIs) preferred. Qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, veteran status. Need an accommodation? Email: SeeYourself@cigna.com