At STERIS, we help our Customers create a healthier and safer world by providing innovative healthcare and life science product and service solutions around the globe. Position Summary The Quality Systems Manager (QSM) assumes overall responsibility in ensuring that the organization maintains operational and quality systems in a state of compliance to domestic and international standards. The QSM is responsible for the organization, documentation and maintenance of the quality system to be compliant with, as appropriate, IS09001, ISO 13485 and FDA regulations, improve supplier quality, conduct system compliance audits, interface directly with third party representatives. The QSM is also responsible for ensuring that all design control and product introduction regulations are being followed and that the organization's products are being put on the market as efficiently as possible, and that all Post- Market Requirements are being addressed in a timely manner. The QSM also takes the lead in bringing the organization to adopt and maintain state-of-the-art practices in global business and quality management. Duties Essential Job Functions Lead the Quality staff to ensure compliance to the overall Quality Management System and to drive Continuous Improvement. Provide coaching, mentoring and leadership to the Quality staff. Lead and own the plant Management Review process. Ensure and drive compliance with appropriate domestic regulatory and international standards and requirements. Lead the organization's continuous improvement process; including data analysis, improvement projects and process capability to improve key metrics as measured by the product/process quality dashboard. Manage the complaint handling processes to insure customer responsiveness and product and process improvements. Ensure compliance to the New Product Development process and assurance that the Product Requirements Document includes key quality performance metrics. Assess new designs for manufacturability, testability and reliability to ensure the Quality risks and deliverables of the New Product Development process meet the required application reliability and design intent. Determine supplier qualification risks based upon criticality of component and supplier process capability. The position requires a level of authority to conduct and direct certain required activities. Examples of this are: Design reviews, Quality Plans, Device Master Record Indexes, Supplier Surveys, Device History Records, Inspection work cards, test procedures, product development verification and process validation. Perform other duties as assigned. Required Experience General Requirements The position requires a B.S. in engineering field, or in other pertinent science or technical field. Advanced degrees or Quality Certifications are also desirable: CQE, CQA, CQMgr., Six Sigma or Lean. This position requires extensive use of phone and computers in both office and plant environments. Some traveling for auditing, Corporate Management meetings, standardization committees, training, etc. is required. Work Experience Requirements: This position requires 5 – 10 years experience in a Manufacturing, Engineering or Quality/Continuous Improvement environment. Experience with supervision of technical and regulatory professionals is highly desirable. Supervisory Responsibilities: This is a middle management position involving the supervision of individuals, composed of technical, non-technical and/or professional employees. Desirable Skills: Proven leadership ability to manage a team, make decisions and deliver results. Ability to solve problems at an operational and strategic level, manage multiple priorities and conduct data analysis. Working knowledge of IS0 9000, ISO 13485 and FDA GMPs. Ability to set goals and meet project deadlines. Effective communication skills, both oral and written are required. Ability to establish and maintain an effective working relationship with subordinates, peers, and all levels of management. Experience with Class III or significant Class II devices. STERIS is a $2B+, publicly traded (NYSE: STE) organization with approximately 12,000 associates worldwide and operates in more than 100 countries. If you need assistance completing the application process, please call 1 (440) 392.7047. This contact information is for accommodation inquiries only and cannot be used to check application status. STERIS is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity and the use of affirmative action programs to ensure that persons are recruited, hired, trained, transferred and promoted in all job groups regardless of race, color, religion, age, disability, national origin, citizenship status, military or veteran status, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, and any other category protected by federal, state or local law. We are not only committed to this policy by our status as a federal government contractor, but also we are strongly bound by the principle of equal employment opportunity.