The Cloud Engineer will be part of a project engineering team that has a focus on delivering cloud hosted solutions for externally facing sites for NBCUniversal. The cloud engineering team manages the design, capacity planning, build, orchestration, and L3 operational activities within the Cloud Infrastructure team. The Cloud Engineer will be a key contributor on new projects working with development teams on specs and requirements. This candidate will actively work with the Cloud Architecture team on project design and participate in standardizing the cloud platform. Qualifications/Requirements Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent experience supporting web infrastructure running in a Linux and/or Unix environment Minimum of 2 years of public cloud experience with a preference of AWS Minimum of 2 year of operational expertise with infrastructure configuration (i.e. Puppet, Chef, etc), change control and source-code management methodologies Minimum of 4 years of experience performance tuning LAMP based web applications Minimum of 6 year of experience in resolving system / application technical problems Minimum of 2 years working with Agile based development teams Proven expertise in or most of the following: Project planning and implementation Requirements gathering and system analysis Systems integration and implementation Project estimation Client communications Certification as an AWS SysOps admin or a Devops Engineer a plus Experience with containers and Container Management through Kubernetes a plus Desired Characteristics Can independently lead projects Experience working with geographically diverse teams Strong written and verbal communication skills Expert skills in several of the following areas: Web technologies like Apache, Tomcat, NginX, Varnish Linux MySQL Support applications that utilize PHP, python, and Java Configuration management technologies with a heavy preference for Puppet Extensive programming in either python, perl, and shell Sub-Business Engineering Career Level Experienced City Universal City State/Province California Country United States About Us At NBCUniversal, we believe in the talent of our people. It’s our passion and commitment to excellence that drives NBCU’s vast portfolio of brands to succeed. From broadcast and cable networks, news and sports platforms, to film, world-renowned theme parks and a diverse suite of digital properties, we take pride in all that we do and all that we represent. It’s what makes us uniquely NBCU. Here you can create the extraordinary. Join us. Notices NBCUniversal’s policy is to provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, gender identity or expression, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, disability, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy, veteran status, membership in the uniformed services, genetic information, or any other basis protected by applicable law. NBCUniversal will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with relevant legal requirements, including the City of Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative For Hiring Ordinance, where applicable.