Job Details Description Under the direction of the assigned supervisor for Conscience Community Network’s Dually Involved Youth Project, the Data Manager enters, analyzes, reports, and oversees all aspects of data collection, including quality control. This includes identifying Dually Involved Youth within Illinois from varying sources, gathering information and documentation to assist with service delivery, conducting data analysis, and developing reports. Note: This position is employed by One Hope United but work is done exclusively with the Conscience Community Network (CCN). Conscience Community Network (CCN) is a collaboration of five Illinois nonprofit services providers. CCN’s mission is to improve the lives of at-risk youth involved in child welfare and juvenile justice. CCN is the program administrator of a Dually Involved Youth program funded through DCFS and inspired by a Pay For Success contracting model. Direct services are provided via the network’s partners. CCN operates with a startup mentality – one that encourages questioning, the use of technology to increase efficiency, the use of data to improve decision-making, ability to embrace change, and one that strives for improvement within the systems we work. CCN seeks candidates that would fit well in this model. Essential Duties and Responsibilities Identifies Dually Involved Youth through a variety of identification sources and enters information into the Project’s data tracking system. Enters data into the data tracking system including, but not limited to, basic youth information, contact information, and placement data. Collects, reviews, and summarizes information and documentation regarding youth referred to the Project to assist services providers with enrollment and engagement. Develops service provider and aggregated project level reports showing progress of families in the program, and achievement of outputs and outcomes, including potential payment bonuses. Identifies potential Family Team Members through the documentation review process and shares information with services providers. Validates data entered by services providers such as meeting dates, documentation completion and timeliness. Identifies areas for improvement, in collaboration with the assigned supervisor, including the use of technology to improve quality, timeliness and effectiveness of the program’s work. Administers the data tracking system, including the establishment of user credentials, compliance with outlined requirements, and providing technical support to users at new hire and as needed. Ensures consumer satisfaction surveys are completed and aggregated. Creates additional data collection tools, as needed. Other duties as assigned. Qualifications Bachelor's Degree required 2+ years of experience providing data collection and analysis. Experience using and reporting on data in the child welfare and/or juvenile justice field preferred. Valid driver’s license and acceptable driving record with OHU required levels of coverage for auto insurance required Required Skills Proficient computer skills in Microsoft Windows & Google Drive environments and adaptive skills to expand software application skills as necessary Advanced Excel skills preferred Ability to effectively manage and maintain datasets and develop accurate and informative visual representations of the data. Highly efficient and organized approach to work, with strong attention to detail and thoroughness. Ability to work and learn independently and able to incorporate suggestions and supervisory feedback as needed. Eagerness to make ongoing improvements in personal tasks and program wide systems, to ensure the most efficient and effective workflow is designed and followed. Ability to work collaboratively with stakeholders. Exceptional time management skills and the ability to manage multiples tasks. Effective verbal and written communication skills with ability to convey information to a wide variety of audiences in a clear, concise manner. Strong knowledge of spoken and written English sufficient to obtain, provide, or exchange information. Ability to exercise discretion and ensure confidentiality. We Invest In You Competitive pay and benefits, plus tuition reimbursement Generous vacation and PTO plans Health, dental, vision, 403b Retirement, flexible spending accounts, Agency paid life and LTD, supplemental life insurance Career ladders, professional development, and promotion opportunities Leadership opportunities on site-based Center Management Teams Relocation assistance is available Discounted child care tuition A Different Kind Of Employer One Hope United is strong and ready to grow. Are you ready to grow with us? 800 talented professionals’ strong, serving 10,000 children and families in Illinois, Wisconsin, Missouri and Florida Fiscally stable, $50 Million agency- strong since 1895 Energetic leadership and a rich community of support One Hope United does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. One Hope United is an Equal Opportunity Employer and a Drug Free Workplace. Qualifications Education Required Bachelors or better in General Studies. Licenses & Certifications Required Auto Insurance Drivers License Physical Exam/TB