Company Profiles Weir has been in business since 1871 and our sustainability and success has been built on attracting, retaining, and developing exceptional people. As a global company, employing around 15,000 people in over 70 countries, we reflect the diversity of our customers in the diversity of our people and ensure everyone is given the opportunity to flourish regardless of their gender, race, beliefs or background. Weir is an inclusive and innovative organisation where you can be your authentic self. We continually develop our talent and diversity of thought to keep our business relevant, innovative and successful for the future. Enabling our people to unleash their full potential is central to ‘We are Weir’, our vision, mission, and strategic priorities. We aim to be the most admired engineering business in our markets and we'll achieve that ambition by being the employer of choice in our markets. We offer a wide range of career opportunities across a variety of technical and business roles in engineering, manufacturing and service locations worldwide. Business Need / Purpose of Role The NA Quality Manager is responsible for the transformation of an the development of short and long-range plans for improving processes/systems for Pressure Control’s North American Quality Department and taking the department from being reactive to proactive. The role will ensure compliance with customers, internal and external 3rd party quality standards, develop and maintain positive relationships with both internal stakeholders and external customers ensuring product and service quality at competitive cost in accordance with company policies and procedures. The NA Quality Manager will also be responsible for coaching, training and leading to drive high levels of quality through all levels of the organization. Objectives & Measurement - Key Responsibilities Including but not limited to: Responsible to maintain compliance with national and international standards mainly API Q1, API Q2, ISO 900:2015 and API 6A. Responsible for all aspects of quality: improving effectiveness of systems and processes, identifying solutions for quality problems related to suppliers, new product development and the overall NA quality management systems. Select, train, provide leadership and work assignments for, counsel, and evaluate the performance of quality managers and engineers engaged in developing, analyzing, modifying, and improving quality assurance systems and procedures to ensure the continuing ability of the Company to produce quality products to meet customer delivery commitments. Develop and manage the implementation of policies, procedures and systems to support and ensure the execution of corrective and preventative actions and compliance with customers’ and API specifications. Assure compliance with all external and internal regulations, specifications and standard work. Responsible to develop, deploy, and maintain goals, objectives, policies, procedures and systems pertaining to the QA/QC. Responsible to develop, implement, and communicate a quality plan to maintain the Company’s Quality Systems and Policies. Responsible to train personnel for compliance with Quality Management System requirements. Responsible to create technical and management systems reports Assist in developing customer specific ITP’s. Effectively interact with Engineering, Manufacturing, and Production to maintain product supply and new product releases. Responsible for quality of all products and services. Final authority to provide disposition of non-conforming material and product shipped to customers and received from suppliers. Responsible for identification and timely resolution of manufacturing (NCR), supplier non-conformances (SCAR) and customer quality issues (FCR). Promoting quality achievement and performance improvement throughout the organization. Assist the review of inspection, testing, and product release records for incoming and in-process materials and components, processes and finished goods Develop and demand Quality at source instead of at inspections Develop short and long range plans to improve the effectiveness of systems and processes Implement, audit, consistently apply and sustain Weir core values. Focus management on the appropriate metrics and actions based on those metrics across the organization, assuring effective tracking of operational performance. Report on quality metrics from value stream perspective, analyze (key organizational) quality metrics and perform periodical reviews to evaluate results and establish action plans to close the gaps For the quality function lead Vision Control, Manage for Daily Improvement (MDI), and actively participate in (internal and external) audits, follow up actions. Monitor and improve product and process efficiency by providing an independent audit function Oversee and timely allocate quality resources for Product Development and Change Process and drive the CAPA (Corrective and Preventive Action) process with all functions involved. Act as a leader for Major Quality Disruptions. Influence business bottom line results by quality process improvement. Maintain Quality department budget and control related expenses and investments Success Factors: Possess operational and quality management systems experience and skills, including the demonstrated ability to design and track quality and compliance with national and international standards mainly API Q1, API Q2, ISO 9001:2015 and API 6A. Possess operational and quality management systems experience and skills, including the demonstrated ability to design and track metrics for all areas involved in the production and delivery of products and services in a fast paced lean environment and under pressure. Proficient in contemporary QA tools (i.e. QMS, AQP, PPAP, SPC, PPAP, GDT, metrology, tool design, etc.). manufacturing processes, Lean implementation. Utilize, interpret and apply project management and planning tools, problem solving techniques, process improvement tools, statistical and sampling techniques, Process Capability, Measurement System Analysis, etc. Provide expertise in Quality Assurance and process improvement tools and methods to all functions of the organization to support their continuous improvement activities Professional in both customer and supplier interaction Possess customer focus experience, including the demonstrated ability to resolve customer complaints, meet customer expectations and implement customer requirements. Be team oriented and proactive change agent with a true hands-on and collaborative approach in implementing and maintaining operating disciplines; excellent interpersonal skills, mentor, team player and builder. Collaborative and Participative management style A confident professional able to proactively resolve issues and challenge assumptions Job Knowledge / Education and Qualifications Education/Experience: Bachelor’s degree in Engineering or related discipline 10+ years of experience in various functions of Quality Engineering or equivalent combination of education and experience Must have proven experience in field services Must have demonstrated experience in manufacturing, field services, engineering and supplier quality development 10+ years of experience in a Quality leadership position with focus on managing and developing staff. This position requires a leader that is highly organized and familiar with fast-paced manufacturing and service center environments Subject matter expert in API Q1, API Q2 Subject matter expert in API SPEC 6A (Specification for Wellhead and Christmas Tree Equipment 3+ years of experience on Customer Quality (Implementation of customer requirements and managing complaints) Lean six sigma black belt certified desired Certified ASQ CQE, CQM/COE desired Language: Ability to read, analyze, and interpret common scientific and technical journals, financial reports, and legal documents. Ability to respond to common inquiries or complaints from customers, regulatory agencies, or members of the business community. Ability to write speeches and articles for publication that conform to prescribed style and format. Ability to effectively present information to top management, public groups, and/or boards of directors. Mathematical Skills: Ability to add, subtract, multiply, and divide in all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions, and decimals. Ability to compute rate, ratio, and percent and to draw and interpret bar graphs. Reasoning Ability: Ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions. Ability to interpret an extensive variety of technical instructions in mathematical or diagram form and deal with several abstract and concrete variables. High capability in problem solving and cascading. Computer Skills: Microsoft Word, Excel, Power point, Visio Certifications, Licenses, Registrations, Special Skills: ISO 9001 Auditor certificate preferred but not required. Physical Demands : The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 40 pounds. Work Environment : Loud (examples: metal can manufacturing department, large earth-moving equipment) Core Competencies To perform the job successfully, an individual should demonstrate the following competencies: Problem Solving \- Identifies and resolves problems in a timely manner; gathers and analyzes information skillfully; develops alternative solutions; works well in group problem solving situations; uses reason even when dealing with emotional topics. Written Communication \- Writes clearly and informatively; edits work for spelling and grammar; varies writing style to meet needs; presents numerical data effectively; able to read and interpret written information. Teamwork \- Balances team and individual responsibilities; exhibits objectivity and openness to others' views; gives and welcomes feedback; contributes to building a positive team spirit; puts success of team above own interests; able to build morale and group commitments to goals and objectives; supports everyone's efforts to succeed. Change Management \- Develops workable implementation plans; communicates changes effectively; builds commitment and overcomes resistance; prepares and supports those affected by change; monitors transition and evaluates results. Quality Management \- Looks for ways to improve and promote quality; demonstrates accuracy and thoroughness. Initiative \- Volunteers readily; undertakes self-development activities; seeks increased responsibilities; takes independent actions and calculated risks; looks for and takes advantage of opportunities; asks for and offers help when needed.