CenturyLink (NYSE: CTL) is a global communications and IT services company focused on connecting its customers to the power of the digital world. CenturyLink offers network and data systems management, big data analytics, managed security services, hosting, cloud, and IT consulting services. The company provides broadband, voice, video, advanced data and managed network services over a robust 265,000-route-mile U. S. fiber network and a 360,000-route-mile international transport network. Visit CenturyLink for more information. Job Description The Managed SOC Analyst s primary function is to provide managed security operations center (SOC) analysis associated with customer monitoring activities using Tenable s Security Centre, Log Correlation Engine (LCE) and scanning through the processing and management of incident and request tickets, as they are assigned. Some investigation and threat hunting are also in scope. The responsibilities include monitoring alerts, managing escalations from customers, and other internal groups. The Analyst is expected to contribute to internal documentation and adherence to SLA targets and requirements. The role includes log monitoring and interfacing with clients and associates as needed to resolve complex cases. Analysts are expected to participate in, and contribute to planning and implementation of strategic and operational projects in efforts to achieve overall MSS goals. Analysts are expected to be able to troubleshoot problems with little oversight, take ownership and work independently as needed to resolve customer issues. Shift Responsibilities The Security Analyst is responsible for the following shift duties: Daily Traffic Review replaying traffic from previous shifts and reviewing customer reports to ensure potential security incidents were not missed by other Analyst. Improve their knowledge of the customer environment, intrusion detection, methodologies, and intrusion detection services with the support of on-going training from the analysts and self-study Review SOC Activity log, cases and other monitoring tools for complete understanding of previous shift activities and incidents Handle event incident response, case management, and customer notification Providing process and operational improvement suggestions Review, write, and update documentation (such as SOPs, MOPs, and TTPs) Daily Case Management the Security Analyst will review open cases and provide follow up that may be required Report generation on demand and scheduling using available tools Qualifications Able to pass Public Trust Adjudication back ground and credit check Proven ability and past experience performing analysis for information technology is required Excellent writing and communications skills Working knowledge of Tenable Security Center and Splunk Familiarization with defense in depth methodology Ability to work in a dynamic team oriented environment Flexible scheduling for 24/7/365 support as needed Work Experience: One plus years of analysis experience Education Associates or Equivalent in Computer Science or Information Systems Alternate Location: US-Minnesota-Minneapolis; US-Minnesota-St Paul Requisition : 197218 This job may require successful completion of an online assessment. A brief description of the assessments can be viewed on our website at http://find. centurylink. jobs/testguides/ EEO Statement We are committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all persons regardless of race, color, ancestry, citizenship, national origin, religion, veteran status, disability, genetic characteristic or information, age, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, family status, pregnancy, or other legally protected status (collectively, protected statuses ). We do not tolerate unlawful discrimination in any employment decisions, including recruiting, hiring, compensation, promotion, benefits, discipline, termination, job assignments or training. Disclaimer The above job definition information has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. Job duties and responsibilities are subject to change based on changing business needs and conditions.