Position Description Cambridge Systematics, Inc. is shaping the future of transportation. We are transportation industry leaders dedicated to ensuring that transportation investments can deliver the best possible results. By providing innovative policy and planning solutions, objective analyses, and technology applications, we help our clients anticipate and meet future transportation needs while improving the performance of existing infrastructure and operations. Above all, we are committed to our clients’ success in making transportation better for future generations. The Travel Demand Forecasting/Modeling group works to research, develop, and apply innovative and practical decision support tools, including transportation models to address policy and data science questions. We successfully leverage a variety of planning, engineering, market research, statistical analysis, model development, model application, and data visualization techniques to provide insights into existing conditions and problems, forecast alternative outcomes, and explain complex traveler (and consumer) behavior mechanisms. Our practice is built on a foundation of expert skills, quality assurance, customer service, and effective teamwork. We are looking to add a Travel Demand Modeler to the team in Los Angeles. The Modeler will provide technical expertise in the areas of transportation market research, travel demand modeling, statistical analysis, location-based analytics, and/or data management. Project management responsibilities include day to day oversight of modeling and analytics projects, mentorship and development of staff, and adherence to budgets and schedules. S/he will also interact with clients and contribute to new business development. Essential Duties and Responsibilities Project Delivery •Produces and delivers exceptional quality work that is thorough, polished, and reflects well on CS. •Delivers all projects on-time, on-budget, and to the client’s satisfaction •Possesses the technical skill necessary to deliver project assignments effectively and efficiently •Takes full ownership of all assignments, regardless of task at hand; takes a proactive approach to completing assignments. •Consistently and effectively manages time and workload. •Demonstrates good judgment in determining when to work independently and when to seek assistance. •Provides exceptional value-added service to clients (internal and external) •Strives to develop long-lasting client relationships •Actively listens and seeks to understand client needs •Maintains chargeability expectations Project Management •Manages a portfolio of projects •Delivers on time and exercises sound financial judgment •Demonstrates good decision-making and judgment •Understands client’s needs and project objectives and actively works to achieve them •Provides constructive and ongoing feedback to project team members •Provide clear direction to all project staff regarding project objectives and their role in achieving them •Provide constructive feedback to staff regarding their performance on your projects •Provide QC check of all deliverables before they are provided to the client •Regularly update project staffing in CS staffing program •Provide timely review and approval of all project invoices Business Development •Proactively identifies market trends and opportunities. •Actively engages with other CS staff in developing and pursuing leads and other growth opportunities •Invests time and resources to build long-term relationships with clients and team partners •Provides exceptional value-added service to clients (internal and external) •Strives to develop long-lasting client relationships •Actively listens and seeks to understand client needs •Develops effective win themes and pricing strategies for all proposals •Effectively constructs winning project teams from internal and external resources •Works with Marketing, Contracts, and Production to develop winning proposals EOE AA M/F/VET/DISABILITY Position Requirements Bachelor's degree required Master's degree preferred 3+ years of applicable experience