_MAKING EXCELLENCE A HABIT_ Amaze yourself. Amaze the world. A job at BSI EHS Services and Solutions is unlike any other you’ve had. Our Austin, TX office is looking for an experienced software Consultant with EHS knowledge. Ideal candidate should have at least 5 years of software delivery experience and knowledge of EHS management systems. This position is ideal if you are interested in consulting and you are highly motivated by the cultivation of long-term and mutually rewarding relationships with clients and business partners, and who takes personal responsibility to ensure shared success. This position is located in Austin, TX and requires travel. In this position, you will work with clients consulting on their software needs with their Health and Safety programs. Qualifications and skills History of demonstrated success working with SaaS-based software projects (from a design/configuration/setup perspective). Logical problem-solving approach and strong math skills. Close attention to detail, including careful quality control of data exchanged with clients. Able to clearly communicate technical issues, business problems, and proposed solutions to the client. Able to work collaboratively with others in a team setting. Strong interpersonal and communication skills, with the ability to present in a group setting. Experience building strong relationships and managing difficult personalities or situations. Professional self-starter: able to develop and maintain technical skillset and product knowledge. Technical Competencies Prior experience with configuring software and an understanding of relational database management systems. Understanding of SQL queries and preferably prior experience with MS SQL Server Report Builder Understanding of process mapping and the requirements analysis process Extensive prior experience with MS Excel and other MS Office applications. Programming skills preferred (JavaScript, SQL queries, Dundas BI) Locations/Travel Expectations Local to Austin highly preferred (willing to relocate) Travel 25-75% About You Experience and Education 5-7 years of experience in a client-facing EHS consulting or software delivery role required. Knowledge of Environmental, Health & Safety Management Systems and required. Knowledge of federal and state EHS regulations, and how they are applied in various industries required. Knowledge of Healthcare, Construction, ICT (High Tech) and Food industries preferred Applied science bachelor’s degree, business degree or related field (Engineering, Physics, Geology, Safety, Environmental Studies, etc.). Master’s degree preferred. Experience/interests in the application of data science techniques and visualization in reports and dashboards an asset. About BSI BSI EHS Services amd Solutions is a strategic Environmental, Health Safety and Sustainability management consulting firm. We are experts in helping organizations create highly effective and creative solutions that minimize risk, reduce operating costs, and leverage our client's competitive advantage. Our clients include the nation's leading industry leaders, including high technology, biotech, and manufacturing companies. BSI consultants represent the best of the best in EHS&S Management Consulting. As a BSI consultant, you have access to world-class clients and leaders in the EHS world, and EHS&S is our business, not a department. We encourage and support continuous learning and professional development in technical, business and operational areas so you can reach multiple career goals at BSI. Benefits of Working at BSI EHS Services and Solutions Our comprehensive compensation and benefits program reflects our commitment to our employees. The program is designed to attract, retain, and reward the people responsible for the company’s success and growth. It provides BSI employees and their families with security for today and help in planning for tomorrow. It also expresses the support we give our employees in helping to maintain a balance of life at work and life outside of work. We offer regular employees who work 24 hours or more per week, the following benefit programs: Medical Dental Vision Short-Term and Long-Term Disability Life and Accidental Death Insurance Flexible Spending Accounts Health Care Reimbursement Account Dependent Day Care Account 401(k) Savings and Investment Plan Employee Assistance Program Investment in Professional Growth Tuition Reimbursement Professional Development Reward Programs Time Off Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disability