About the Team You will be part of the Digital Marketing team responsible for developing strategies and optimizing William-Sonoma, Inc.'s digital spend across all 8 Brands and International efforts. WSI manages all large digital programs in- house, and this role is critical in ensuring the accurate and timely execution for the display channel as well as reporting across all digital programs. About the Role Williams-Sonoma, Inc. is looking for a talented Analyst, Media Operations to manage the display campaigns in an ad operations capacity for all Brands under the Williams-Sonoma, Inc. portfolio. This role works directly in the ad server to generate IO's, schedule partner flighting, upload creative and traffic for campaigns. The Analyst will execute campaigns aimed to increase revenue for campaigns planned by the Media Strategy team. This role will be included in technical implementations and frequent troubleshooting, so someone with a passion to solve problems in a fast paced environment will thrive. This is a new addition to the Media Operations team as the larger Digital team is migrating Media Buying and Paid Social from an agency to in-house management and will have exposure in those platforms, so experience is preferred. You're excited about this opportunity because you will... Setup and execute digital media campaigns using ad server DCM-Doubleclick for IO creating/updating, creative trafficking, and partner flighting in a timely and accurate manner. Ensure seamless delivery of campaigns by generating and maintaining various reporting (weekly performance, pacing, viewability and monthly marketing effectiveness reporting). Synthesize various sources of reporting files using Alteryx data blending tool. Ensure that all campaigns are setup and tracking key KPIs by confirming with vendor implementation post-launch and pulling campaign reporting to validate. Test the functionality of creative ensuring technical specs are met and that ads appear correctly and in the desired formats. Perform QA for all campaigns that go live and monitor/troubleshoot any inaccuracies or problems. Maintain strong troubleshooting (QA) expertise at the campaign, line item and creative level. Collaborate with cross-departmental marketing and IT teams on site tagging implementation requests. Report on creative performance to strategy and brand cross-department teams. Process monthly invoices to ensure partners are paid on time and assistance with validating monthly accrual process with the Strategy team. Stay apprised of current and new ad server functionality and/or metrics and successfully deploy on relevant campaigns