Job Summary: This position is responsible for leading a team of software engineers that architect and design Cray data analytics solution and engineering project managers. This position is responsible for understanding and complying with Cray internal controls. Primary Duties and Responsibilities: Lead an engineering software team that architects and design Data analytics software and applications that will be the core to Cray Data analytics solutions Lead Engineering project managers that are Responsible for driving the engineering team to meet life cycle phase requirements and for providing status to the product team in support of PRB reviews Drive project planning and day to day execution for R&Ds; portfolio of projects and report status to R&D; VP and product management Writes product requirement documents, implements and tracks development timelines, and negotiates feature sets with the development leads and product teams. Provides guidance to subordinates within the latitude of established company policies. Recommends changes to policies and establishes procedures that affect immediate organization(s). Ensures the timely, thorough and accurate completion of all engineering projects. Oversees the preparation of new or modified designs. Ensures documentation packages are complete. Selects, develops and evaluates personnel to ensure the efficient operation of the function. Acts as advisor to subordinate(s) to meet schedules and/or resolve technical problems. Develops and administers schedules and performance requirements; has budget responsibilities. Participates with other senior managers to establish strategic plans and objectives. Regularly interacts with executives and/or major customers. Key Qualifications include: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Engineering or equivalent experience 10 years of related experience, with minimum of 5 years’ previous management experience Strong technical understanding of data analytics and AI software such a Spark, Hadoop, Tachyon, HDFS, Tenserflow,… Proven analytical skills and strong oral and written communication skills. Ability to manage multiple projects and tasks, prioritize work and deliver software projects on time and within budget. Ability to resolve a wide range of issues in creative ways. Demonstrates good judgment in selecting methods and techniques for obtaining solutions. Work requires imaginative, thorough and practical solutions to a wide range of problems. Ability to communicate effectively across the function and across organizational boundaries, or with customers We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer including protected veterans and individuals with disabilities. CRAY Inc. is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity Employer. As part of our standard hiring process for new employees, employment with CRAY will be contingent upon successful completion of a comprehensive background check.