Groupon’s mission is to become the daily habit in local commerce and fulfill our purpose of building strong communities through fast-growing small businesses by connecting people to a dynamic, global marketplace for local services, experiences and goods. In the process, we’re positively impacting the lives of millions of customers and merchants globally. Even with thousands of employees spread across multiple continents, we still maintain a culture that encourages innovation, rewards risk-taking and celebrates success. If you want to take more ownership of your career, then you're ready to be part of Groupon Groupon Goods, the retail arm of our business, is a daily one-stop shop for brand-name essentials and unexpected, one-of-a-kind finds. For our merchants, this means massive exposure, smart promotion, and reliable fulfillment. For our customers, this means great deals on a variety of products ranging from electronics to clothing, home goods to beauty.Working in Goods, you will join a retail-savvy team whose goal is to procure and provide customers with the products they want, when they want them. As a business analyst - Goods Operations you will be responsible for running complex analyses and managing strategic projects leading to an improved Groupon Goods customer experience. This role is heavily cross functional and will blend advanced analytics with project management. You will use user generated content from consumer feedback as well as customer returns in order to drive the business towards smarter merchandising and operational decisions. You will maintain operational processes using data submitted by customers to identify over performing and under-performing products and act accordingly. The goal is to drive sales while improving customer satisfaction and reducing refunds. You will also dive into large datasets to understand what types of product content leads to increased conversion and better customer satisfaction. You will partner with the Manager, Operations to identify and prioritize opportunities and manage new initiatives in partnership with our merchandising team and our vendor community. Responsibilities: Monitor and analyze trends in customer ratings and reviews to identify merchandising improvement opportunities Identify strategic projects and coordinate across merchandising, product management, engineering and operations to push projects to completion Partner with the merchandising team to improve quality of products Groupon sells Monitor refunds and returns to drive reduction in returns and customer contacts Provide reports to merchandising team on ratings and refunds to make smarter merchandising decisions Qualifications: Bachelor's degree 2+ years experience. Master's degree and e-commerce experience a plus Strong analytical background - Excel and SQL are a requirement, Tableau strongly preferred. Advanced statistical tools such as R or Python are a plus Experience using data to find opportunities and drive decision-making Clear, concise written and oral communication Must be comfortable working cross-functionally in a large organization - if you don't have the right data or information you'll need to go out and find it