Overview SFHP has recently gone live with an Enterprise Data Warehouse and continues to focus on improving the data-driven decision making and automation processes. In this mission-critical position, you will supervise the team who develops, maintains, analyzes, and troubleshoots ETL (Extract, Transform, Load) processes along with enterprise data warehouse solutions. This role oversees a team of data modelers and programmer analysts who design and implement data automation processes and manage their day-to-day tasks and projects. The supervisor will be responsible for the continued success of the data warehouse release cycle process, prioritizing items for inclusion and ensuring those tasks are completed per schedule. The candidate must have strong data modeling, data warehouse, SQL, and ETL experience. This is also a hands-on position, requiring extensive experience developing and maintaining complex data warehouse and data transformation processes as well as good decision making, leadership, time management, prioritization and escalation skills are required to ensure that target times are met. WHAT YOU WILL DO Oversee the on-going development of the enterprise data warehouse using inputs from the business end-user’s perspective in order to produce timely and accurate information for management decision making and planning. Supervise the EDW/ETL team, including the design and development of the data warehouse. Evaluate EDW/ETL team members and provide input into the performance planning and evaluation process. Work with business stakeholders and data SMEs to clarify requirements and business rules. Oversee efforts to design, develop, implement, and validate ETL processes. Maintain existing code and fix bugs whenever needed. Assist in developing long-term strategies and capacity planning for meeting future data warehouse and data automation needs. Document and maintain all the processes and procedures pertaining to the ETL and data warehouse usage/development of the organization, including a data dictionary. WHAT YOU WILL BRING A Bachelor’s degree or equivalent combination of education and work experience. 7+ years of ETL development experience using SSIS or similar tools. 7+ years of SQL Server experience. 7+ years of proven ability to interpret data in order to locate anomalies and recommending corrections plans. 7+Years of advanced SQL skills (SQL Server). Superior communication and collaboration skills. Solid analytical and problem solving skills with the ability to formulate and communicate recommendations for improvement. Knowledge of MS Office suite (Outlook, Excel, Word, PowerPoint). Prior supervisory or management experience. Experience with health care organization preferred. Experience with data warehousing, health care payer model preferred. ABOUT US Established in 1997, San Francisco Health Plan (SFHP) is an award winning, managed care health plan whose mission is to provide affordable health care coverage to the underserved low and moderate-income residents in San Francisco county. SFHP is chosen by eight out of every ten San Francisco Medi-Cal managed care enrollees and its 140,000+ members have access to a full spectrum of medical services including preventive care, specialty care, hospitalization, prescription drugs, and family planning services. SFHP was designed by and for the residents it serves, and takes great pride in its ability to accommodate a diverse population that includes young adults, seniors, and people with disabilities. _San Francisco Health Plan is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE) M/F/D/V_ _Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records._