_Do you have at least two years' experience with Microsoft Office Dynamics? Do you possess a strong data modeling mindset_ _? Are you naturally a curious person with a desire for continuous improvement? Can you provide proven analytical and creative problem-solving examples? If you answered YES to these questions, AND,_ _you have excellent communication skills_ _, we’d like to hear from you!_ _For nearly a century, Wilbur-Ellis has experienced success and growth in marketing and distributing agricultural products and services. Join us and grow your career with a strong and profitable industry leader offering competitive compensation, tremendous growth and development opportunities, and a people-first work environment. Come grow with us!_ General Purpose and Scope of Position: Wilbur-Ellis is seeking a talented CRM Technical Administrator for our Dynamics 365 CRM environment. This role will help ensure the application runs smoothly for 600+ users across 17 different countries. Integration management Support integrations between CRM and other applications Manage email integration points Coordinate various activities in support of CRM data management and disaster recovery Ability to make necessary configuration and data model changes for new features in the CRM Manage Dynamics version updates Manage workflows and other process tools to ensure they are running as expected Develop and run system jobs on a regular basis to manage data usage Provide expert system administration support for the CRM applications across all business lines, conforming to established best practices and including researching and troubleshooting application bugs, replicating issues in the test environment, performing hot fixes, and coordinating upgrades. Manage multiple sandbox, test, and production Dynamics environments Promote changes through the product lifecycle (sandbox to test, test to production) Assist in development of end user documentation, including application training manuals, job aids and workflows. Key Skills and Abilities Include: Bachelor’s degree or equivalent technical job experience 2 years’ experience with Microsoft Dynamics 365 Strong data modeling mindset-understand how data will be used and how it should be set up and managed in Dynamics 365 environment Proficiency in Microsoft Office, Excel, Word and PowerPoint Key Personal Attributes Include: Ability to develop and maintain strong relationships with peers and customer groups Highly curious in seeking out and championing areas of continuous improvement Highly self-motivated and directed Proven analytical and creative problem-solving abilities Specific Responsibilities and Key Deliverables Include: Act as the subject matter expert for the Technical implementation of the Dynamics CRM instance for CBC Support the Division CRM Administrators Compensation and Benefits : Competitive salary (dependent upon experience and other factors) Comprehensive benefits package, including health and retirement benefits If you are currently a Wilbur-Ellis employee, please notify your Manager prior to applying for this position. Thank you! COMPANY CULTURE _Wilbur-Ellis is a company you can be proud to call your employer_ Wilbur-Ellis markets and distributes agricultural products, animal feed and specialty chemicals and food ingredients. A privately held and consistently profitable company, we employ more than 4,000 people throughout North America and Asia-Pacific. _Wilbur-Ellis is for and about people_ Wilbur-Ellis has enjoyed over ninety-five years of success and growth, all thanks to our people. Our employees are both leaders and team players who thrive on creativity, entrepreneurial spirit and a dedication to quality work, our customers and each other. _Wilbur-Ellis invests in the industry’s best workforce_ Wilbur-Ellis invests heavily in our employees by offering skill development and training, competitive compensation and benefits and a tradition of promoting from within for a broad range of career opportunities. And we foster a supportive, people-first work environment.