At Abbott, we're committed to helping people live their best possible life through the power of health. For more than 125 years, we've brought new products and technologies to the world - in nutrition, diagnostics, medical devices and branded generic pharmaceuticals - that create more possibilities for more people at all stages of life. Today, 99,000 of us are working to help people live not just longer, but better, in the more than 150 countries we serve. As a Data Analytics Specialist, you will play an integral role in assisting the global audit teams by conducting data analysis and research from various data sources and ERP systems. The individual will leverage advanced technology and leading practices specific to audit analytics and data visualization to drive strategic benefits in the areas of audit quality, efficiency, and value. As a member of the Data Analytics team, you will be responsible for: Designing and developing data models, visualization dashboards, and presenting solutions to the business. Maintaining the existing global data analytics toolset. Supporting data collection for audits including financial data from local systems as well as corporate systems (e.g. BPCS and SAP). Training auditors on data analysis and usage. Developing data analytics work programs and reports for large data sets to identify anomalies and help auditors identify potential business risks. Developing and updating procedures related to data collection and analytics. Identifying data analytics opportunities, designing and executing tests, data extraction, and analysis utilizing the company’s various computer software packages within established deadlines. This opportunity will provide the candidate with wide exposure to multiple operational and financial aspects of our business. POSITION REQUIREMENTS Expertise and/or demonstrated experience with business intelligence and visualization tools (e.g. Qlik, Tableau, Business Objects, SQL, MS Access, MS Excel, VBA etc.); designing, reporting and delivering analytical solutions; data management and warehousing, and the strategic use of information. Technical experience with SAP, Hyperion and/or various other financial and business critical applications. Previous experience with data analytics over large data sets is highly desirable. BA/BS degree in Business, Computer Science, Management Information Systems or related field, or equivalent practical experience. Experience must include strong skills in research, analysis and data management. Experience with writing and interpreting SQL queries and statements to explore source data and data issues. 3+ years of related experience within professional services, internal, external, or IT audit. Experience in financial or technology operational audit is desired. Strong project management experience and ability to interact with both financial and IT managers at various levels. Excellent professional oral and written communication skills. Strong background in auditing techniques and/or computer control environments is desirable. 5-20% travel requirements. The incumbent should have the demonstrated ability to communicate effectively, present professionally, and work well with the highest level of Corporate and Division management as well as his/her peer group. Strong project management skills along with both technical and financial audit knowledge are a requirement.