JOB SUMMARY We are looking to hire a Data Analyst to join our team. In this role you will develop analyses, visualizations, and reports to provide business insights. You will work with management to prioritize information and business needs and help formulate and execute on data and information strategies. While taking responsibility for managing our company and third-party data sources, you will also analyze business processes and recommend specific types of data that can be used to measure and improve upon them. SUMMARY OF ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS The essential functions listed below are representative of the functions that must be performed in order to satisfactorily fulfill the purpose of this job. Additional functions and duties may be assumed or assigned from time to time. Providing technical expertise on data storage structures, data mining, and data cleansing. Develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies to create business value Ability to analyze existing tools and databases and provide software solution recommendations. Managing users and user roles. Provide quality assurance of imported data. Managing and designing the reporting environment, including data sources, security, and metadata. Supporting initiatives for data integrity and normalization. Assessing tests and implementing new or upgraded software and assisting with strategic decisions on new systems. Troubleshooting the reporting database environment and reports. Evaluating changes and updates to source production systems. Training end users on new reports and dashboards. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES [education, certification, experience, general skills) To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential function satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skills and/or abilities required to satisfactorily perform the essential functions of this job. Bachelor’s degree from an accredited university or college in Computer or Data Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or related field. Working experience as a data analyst or business data analyst Technical expertise regarding statistics, data models, database design development, data mining and analytics techniques Strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages, databases, programming languages and ETL frameworks Analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy Strong presentation and interpersonal communication skills. SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS None. WORK REQUIREMENTS The work environment characteristics are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the job. Authentix is committed to complying with all applicable provisions of the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), the ADA Amendments of 2008 and all applicable state and local laws concerning disability accommodation. Reasonable accommodations will be provided to individuals with known physical or mental disabilities if such accommodation would not impose an undue hardship on the company, and would enable the individual to apply for, or perform, the essential functions of the position in question. Environment: Work is performed primarily in a standard office environment. Employees may work under the stress of regular interdepartmental interaction and pressure to meet various deadlines. Physical: Essential functions require sufficient physical ability and mobility to work in an office setting. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to stand and/or sit for prolonged periods of time; must be able to hear and verbally communicate in order to exchange information in person or over the phone; to occasionally stoop, bend, kneel, crouch, reach and twist; to lift, carry, push and/or pull up to 25 pounds of weight; to operate office equipment requiring repetitive hand movement; to occasionally travel to other locations using various modes of private or commercial transportation NOTIFICATION This Job Description is intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this job and is not considered an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and required skills. This Job Description does not constitute an offer of employment. The employment relationship between the Company and its employees is “AtWill” and based on mutual consent. Authentix, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer