ABOUT US Bright Health is delivering a smarter, more connected healthcare experience. Our affordable health insurance plans and exclusive partnerships with leading health systems are reshaping how people and physicians achieve better health. Today, Bright Health provides health insurance to individuals in Colorado, Arizona, and Alabama in both the Individual and Medicare Advantage space. Come join our mission: Making Healthcare Right. Together! YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES As a member of our technology team, you will be working on the design and implementation of systems related to the health insurance industry. You will be working on all aspects of our product stack from UI to API to data to infrastructure...truly full stack! By collaborating with teammates on technical design, work estimation, and implementation of new features, you will contribute to the continuous improvement of the team's productivity, culture, and code quality. Additionally, you will: Collaborate directly with product managers, UX researchers, and designers to define and implement solutions of our digital properties. Create responsive websites using React and Redux Integrate 3rd party APIs into our system Work with designers to maintain our UI kit Work with the cloud-ops team to deploy our digital properties on AWS with a multi-environment setup REQUIREMENTS Strong JavaScript skills including front end and back end NodeJS is primary backend language, with experience writing other micro services using Python, Java, or Scala Strong experience with react, redux, webpack, bootstrap and jest/mocha Understanding and experience with database systems and data modeling (RDBMS, SQL) Understanding and experience with AWS services including EC2, ECS, S3, Lambda Experience with test-driven development and behavior-driven development Not required but nice to have: Experience with any kind of CMS driven website development Experience with React Native ATTRIBUTES Creative thinker and passionate about innovating in a space that is ripe for disruption Team player and an adept problem solver We've won some fun awards like: Great Places to Work, Modern Healthcare, Forbes, etc. But more than anything, we're a group of people who are really dedicated to our mission in healthcare. Come join our growing team!