Business Systems Analyst 42Q, a division of Sanmina is a leading provider of cloud MES solutions. Our mission is to deliver scalable, flexible and easy to implement manufacturing solutions to our customers. Our management team has extensive experience with the architecture, development and implementation of advanced MES and manufacturing automation systems deployed across a broad range of vertical markets. Job Purpose: Analyzes business problems to be solved with automated systems. Provides technical expertise in identifying, evaluating and developing systems and procedures that are cost effective and meet user requirements. Configures system settings and options plans and executes unit, integration and acceptance testing and creates specifications for systems to meet business requirements. Designs details of automated systems. May provide consultation to users in the area of automated systems. Nature of Duties/Responsibilities: Product Expert who will maintain the interface between the business and the development teams. Participate with plant implementation of 42Q systems Work among other teams to identify and suggest changes and/or improvements to the manufacturing process, and providing training and coaching to make the MES environment more efficient. Provide User End Support. Collect and document Plant requirements. Help develop test cases and support documentation. Follow documentation and configuration management policies and company procedures. Education and Experience: 1 to 2 years experience; preferably in a large, corporate manufacturing environment. Bachelor’s Degree. Excellent verbal and written communication skills including the ability to effectively present facts and recommendations in oral and written form. Ability to work in a fast past environment and handle pressure while managing multiple tasks. Leadership. Ambition and drive, a self starter with a "can do" attitude. Intellectual focus with good organizational skills and flexibility to adapt to rapidly changing environment and demands. The ability to take or approve prompt credible decisions within the scope of any given project. System applications experience and acumen. Solid problem solving skills. EEO Employer Vets/Disabled