Job Description: When you join Dow Jones, you become part of one of the most dynamic, creative and savvy news and information companies in the world. As a global provider of news and business information, we deliver content to consumers and organizations via newswires, websites, newspapers, apps, conferences, newsletters, databases, magazines, radio and video. Dow Jones has produced unrivalled quality content for 125 years and today has one of the world’s largest news-gathering operations with almost 2,000 journalists in more than 80 bureaus, including the Wall Street Journal, America’s largest newspaper by paid circulation. Other premier brands include Barron's, MarketWatch, Factiva and DJX. We continually develop technology to transform information into insight and prosperity. Dow Jones publishes in 13 languages and distributes content in 28 languages, combining technology with news and data to support business decision making. We are seeking a high caliber candidate to fill the following position, to be based in North America : Partners and Content Integration Specialist, Americas As part of our investment plan, we are seeking an exceptional information professional to work within the Risk & Compliance Product team. The Dow Jones Risk & Compliance Content Integration Specialists are responsible for working directly with customers as well as partners leveraging the Risk & Compliance product suite. This includes providing support to both technical and business users who have integrated the Dow Jones Risk and Compliance product(s) into their workflow. A key focus of the role is to build and maintain excellent relationships with Risk and Compliance Customers, Integration Partners and internal stake holders. Key Responsibilities/Accountabilities Provide first line support to partners who deliver Dow Jones Risk and Compliance content. Work closely with Sales to ensure Dow Jones is delivering the best integration solutions for Risk and Compliance. Manage day-to-day communications as well as develop long term plans with integration partners. Provide consultation around the region on the best way to structure deals, opportunities and partnerships. Contribute thought leadership around the strategic direction of the Risk & Compliance business on subjects such as brand, positioning, value proposition and product roadmap. Provide strategic direction for the Americas Risk & Compliance business Drive the successful integration of our content into partners and customer platforms. Communicate globally for local partner and customer needs. Knowledge, Skills and Experience Required: High level of initiative and self-motivation, ability to work in a global team environment. Understanding of Internet and Intranet applications, emerging web technologies, and industry trends. Knowledge of data feeds and APIs desirable. Excellent problem solving skills for customers' and partners’ issues while consistently providing high levels of customer service Strong communication and presentation skills Ability to utilize effective influencing strategies to gain agreement or commitment to proposed solutions. Ability to travel up to 50%. Interest and aptitude to learn new technical systems and applications. Attention to detail and the ability to prioritize and meet deadlines. Ability to follow a large set of procedural guidelines to a very high accuracy level and adjust to changes when required. Positive outlook on change and flexible approach to team-based work environment and structure. Desire to grow with the company. LI-JA1 Dow Jones , Making Careers Newsworthy All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status. EEO/AA/M/F/Disabled/Vets . Dow Jones is committed to providing reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities, in our job application and/or interview process. If you need assistance or accommodation in completing your application, due to a disability, please reach out to us at TalentResourceTeam@dowjones.com . Please put “Reasonable Accommodation" in the subject line. Business Area: RISK & COMPLIANCE About Us Dow Jones is a global provider of news and business information, delivering content to consumers and organizations around the world across multiple formats, including print, digital, mobile and live events. Dow Jones has produced unrivaled quality content for more than 125 years and today has one of the world’s largest news gathering operations globally. It produces leading publications and products including the flagship Wall Street Journal, America’s largest newspaper by paid circulation; Factiva, Barron’s, MarketWatch, Financial News, DJX, Dow Jones Risk & Compliance, Dow Jones Newswires, and Dow Jones VentureSource.Dow Jones is a division of News Corp (NASDAQ: NWS, NWSA; ASX: NWS, NWSLV). If you require assistance in completing the online application, please contact the Talent Management team for Application Help at TalentResourceTeam@dowjones.com Job _Req_ 12922