Summary This position is safety sensitive and subject to Valley Metro RPTA'S Drug & Alcohol Program. Applicants for positions defined as safety sensitive are required to undergo drug testing prior to employment and, subsequent to commencement of employment, will be subject to random, post-accident, reasonable suspicion, return to duty, and follow up testing. The SCADA Systems Administrator is responsible for supporting, installing, and maintaining the network and systems infrastructure including software and hardware for a 24/7 Operational Control Center and all associated wayside equipment. Minimum Qualifications & Requirements Bachelor's Degree in Engineering, Information Systems, Computer Science or a closely related field And (5) years in a network operating system, computer network design, implementation, and maintenance OR Equivalent combination of education and experience sufficient to successfully perform the essential duties such as those listed above. Certification in Cisco, Microsoft, Oracle, Certified Wireless Network Associate or equivalent is preferred. This position will need to be flexible to support a 24 hr/7 day operation and to be on call as requested. Drug Examination: Applicants for positions defined as safety sensitive are required to undergo drug testing prior to employment and, subsequent to commencement of employment, will be subject to random, post-accident, reasonable suspicion, return to duty, and follow up testing. Background Investigation: Employment is contingent upon the results of a background check. Examples of Duties / Knowledge & Skills The statements listed below describe the general nature and level of work only. They are not an exhaustive list of all required responsibilities, duties, and skills. Other duties may be added, or this description amended at any time. Performs administration, programming functions and technical support functions for the network and systems infrastructure including Supervisory Control And Data Acquisition (SCADA), Automatic Train Control, CCTV (Closed Circuit TV System), PA/VMB (Public Address/Variable Message Board System [Daktronic Message Boards]), Cisco VoIP Telephone System (Call Manager, Unity Connection, Unified Contact Center Express), Voice and radio recording, WLAN, Gigabit Ethernet Carrier Transmission System (including MPLS), Fire Alarm, Intrusion Protection Systems, Fare Collection Servers and vending machines, NICE Vision and Panasonic Network Video recorders, MIPS 5000 radio system, Juniper core router, Wi-Max train tracking system, Dell SAN Maintenance, IBM D4700 SAN, HP SAN Maintenance, Hind Sight Recordings, HP workstation, HP servers maintenance and configuration, MOXA Media converters Front end Processors, MySQL Server maintain the Fare Collections System server as it relates to operations in conjunction with the IT department. Provides primary support for hardware and software. Oversees installations, configuration, and testing of new or upgraded hardware and software to ensure uniformity, performance, reliability, and security. Troubleshoots network and systems infrastructure components including designing and developing software application tools and utilities for diagnostics purposes. Participates in budget preparation and administration; prepares cost estimates for budget recommendations; monitor and control expenditures. Participates in design review of extensions, upgrades, and expansions of existing alignment and systems. Integrates systems for inter-operability across multiple platforms and technologies to ensure that new and upgraded systems work effectively with current systems and programs. Develops, implements, and monitors appropriate security procedures to safeguard the network infrastructure from physical harm, viruses, unauthorized users and potential data loss. Develops and implements preventative maintenance plans to ensure network and systems reliability and availability is maintained and operated per service level agreements. Performs analysis/troubleshooting and assists with the support of Cisco VoIP telephony systems, corporate dial plans and traffic routes for voice network structure. Works with vendor representatives to resolve telephony system problems. Evaluates the technical environment to measure system performance and effectiveness. Resolves and corrects performance deficiencies. Prepares operational reports including project status, equipment, network, inventory and area activity summaries; develop and maintain procedures manuals. Serves as a liaison with internal departments, vendors, contractors and consultants. Performs other duties of similar nature and level as assigned. Knowledge of: Network planning, design and engineering principles, practices, terminology, trends and usage; Principles and practices of advanced network administration; Principles and methods of computer data processing; Project management techniques and coordination; Operating Systems: Microsoft Windows 2003 - 2012, Windows XP - Windows 10, and UNIX, Linux; Network routing and switching platforms: Juniper MX960, Juniper ACX2100, Juniper EX series, Cisco Aironet; Access Points, HP ProCurve 26XX - 2900 series switches, Telco Systems Edge devices, Siemens/Rugged Comm WiMAXl base stations and client radios; Network Protocols and Technologies: Multilayer switching, STP, 802.1Q trunking, HSRP, CoS, QoS, VLANs, IP multicast routing, DNS, WINS, LDAP, Telnet, SSH, IPSEC, Carrier Ethernet, SNMP; Network Troubleshooting: Ping, traceroute, arp, packet sniffers, port scanners, Wireshark; Network security: Cisco PIX firewall, VPN technologies, access lists, PCI compliance principles and Cyber Security concept & hand on experience; Software platforms: Symantec Backup Exec, Microsoft SQL 2005 - 2012 Server, VNC, VMWare, MySQL; Voice Over IP: Cisco Unified Call Manager, Cisco Unity Connection, DVS Analytics Encore voice/screen recorder, Voice Gateways, FXO/FXS interfaces, Cisco CUBE routers; Scripting: bash, ksh, csh, tcsh, python, perl, Unix crontab. Skill in: Using computers and related software applications; Perform fault-isolation and diagnose system issues; Interpreting and applying local, state, and federal policies, procedures, laws, and regulations; Communicating in writing and verbally in order to interact with co-workers, supervisors, and the general public at a level sufficient to exchange or convey information and to receive work direction; Analyzing systems and recommending solutions; Responding to trouble reports and trouble tickets; Troubleshooting network or system problems and resolving issues; Documenting existing and new systems; Designing and implementing data protection, retention, and disaster recovery procedures; Performing basic scripting on Windows, Linux, and Unix Systems; Administrating Microsoft Windows Active Directory domain; Monitoring and analyzing network performance; Learning and using new systems technologies; Working independently under time-demanding circumstances. Physical Demands / Work Environment Positions in this class typically require: climbing, balancing, stooping, kneeling, crouching, crawling, reaching, standing, walking, driving, lifting, fingering, grasping, feeling, talking, and hearing. Valley Metro complies with ADA/EEOC requirements with respect to reasonable accommodations with people with disabilities. Medium Work: Ability to occasionally lift up to 50 pounds with the assistance of applicable equipment or other employees, and up to 20 pounds of force frequently, and/or up to 10 pounds of force constantly to move objects. Work Environment: Physical ability to perform office and related work, including operating computers and office equipment; stamina to sit for extended periods of time; Incumbents may be subjected to moving mechanical parts and electrical currents; Limited local travel will also be required to support customers in remote business units; May respond to system emergencies and system failures on a 24/7 basis.