Who we are: Founded in 1997, Endurance has grown into an international family of brands that provide our small business owners with the tools they need to establish and build their web presence, get found in online search, connect with customers through social and email marketing, and more! At the heart of our technology is a commitment to (em)Powering small businesses with solutions to fuel their online presence and reach customers everywhere. It’s what drives our employees every day and it’s what ultimately changes the lives of our customers. Are you ready to take the next step in your sales career? We are offering the chance at unlimited earning potential in the fast growing web-tech industry as a Small Business Consultant at Endurance International Group. We’ll equip you with the training and tools you need to succeed as a Small Business Consultant and to build a career at Endurance. You can expect to work hard. In turn, you’ll not only be rewarded financially, you’ll get to feel good every day empowering small businesses to succeed online! What You’ll Do: Receive hundreds of qualified leads every month from inbound lead passes, marketing forms submittals, and outbound data driven campaigns Manage an ongoing pipeline as well as close new business on the same call to close new business consistently at or above sales quota level Gain experience in a fast-growing company in the web-tech SMB industry Educate our customers on the benefits of premium professional design and online marketing Operate and thrive within a fast-paced sales environment using multiple systems including but not limited to internal CRMs, SalesForce, and other systems Partner with the other sales executives and find creative new ways to drive performance About You: You’ve had a few years (2-5 ideal) of sales experience under your belt where you’ve consistently achieved and/or exceeded goals Experience with (or a passion for) small business owners and online marketers is a HUGE plus! You’re a competitive person with a drive to win and help others win too You’re a self-starter with a strong business acumen to think on your feet creatively to solve customer’s needs You’re flexible, a master at juggling and prioritizing multiple deliverables You’re committed to doing whatever it takes to get it done even if it means working outside of 9-5 as needed to field sales opportunities from all over the world You have an eagerness to learn, a high-performance work ethic, and a great sense of humor When you join our team, we offer the following benefits… $15.50/hr + upcapped commissions A fun, high energy and challenging work environment. Team building activities and recognition. Medical, dental and vision plans. Eligible within first 30-days!! Excellent 401(k) matching program. Four weeks PTO Onsite Gym, Daycare and Cafe!!! Endurance International Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer.