We have a wide variety of career opportunities around the world — come find yours. Information Technology The United IT team designs, develops and maintains massively scaling technology solutions that are brought to life with innovative architectures, data analytics and digital solutions. Job overview and responsibilities This position is responsible for coordinating with the portfolio and functional teams, including offshore teams, to prioritize work based on impact and enterprise value. This person must be effective with working with Data Analytics and other business and IT leaders to ensure that the team is executing against a well-defined road map and delivering tangible enterprise value. This person will ensure effective executive level reporting of key metrics, clarify strategy and priorities and broadly communicate successes. Success in this role will include addressing skill and bandwidth gaps, playing a key role in defining training plans for the team as well as sourcing 3rd party resources as needed. Additionally, this person will be evaluate new technology and capability that will enable the team to deliver high quality solutions to the enterprise on an accelerated time frame. Portfolio management, coordination with Data Analytics and other IT teams to align on priorities, and tracking progress against goals Coordinate communications, leadership presentations, clarifying strategy and priorities Address skill and bandwidth gaps - working with DA leaders to define training plans, coordinate sourcing 3rd party resources Evaluate new vendors, technologies and capabilities Required Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative field Must possess demonstrated understanding of performance management, business consulting, project management, and applicable technology Working knowledge of data analytics, tools and techniques. Clear understanding of how Data Analytics contributes to the success of the enterprise. Strong understanding of performance and portfolio management, project management and business consulting Developing and using collaborative relationships to facilitate the accomplishment or work goals Focusing and guiding others in accomplishing work objectives Ability to work in a matrixed organization Strong presentation skills and development of leadership & board of directors PowerPoint presentations Excellent oral and written communication skills Experience with: SQL, MS Excel/PPT, Tableau, Spotfire or other visualization tools. 5+ years of relavant work experience with 3+ years in business consulting and/or portfolio management. Airline experience is not required. Must be legally authorized to work in the United States for any employer without sponsorship Successful completion of interview required to meet job qualification Reliable, punctual attendance is an essential function of the position Preferred MBA Ability to express complex technology and analytical concepts in simple business terms Equal Opportunity Employer – Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT