Clarivate Analytics clients are the trailblazers and risk takers who come up with life-changing ideas. We’re looking for our own trailblazers to help us keep providing clients some of the world’s most trusted brands, spanning scientific and academic research, patent analytics, pharmaceutical and biotech intelligence and IP management. We’re an independent owned company with a rich heritage and a bold entrepreneurial mission. If you’re excited by the thought of helping people and organizations go from new ideas to life-changing innovations faster, we’re excited to consider you for a position at Clarivate. Clarivate Analytics accelerates the pace of innovation by providing trusted insights and analytics to customers around the world, enabling them to discover, protect and commercialize new ideas faster. We own and operate a collection of leading subscription-based services focused on scientific and academic research, patent analytics and regulatory standards, pharmaceutical and biotech intelligence, trademark protection, domain brand protection and intellectual property management. Clarivate Analytics has over 4,000 employees, operating in more than 100 countries and owns well‐known brands that include Web of Science, Cortellis, Thomson Innovation, Derwent World Patents Index, CompuMark, MarkMonitor and Techstreet, among others. For more information, visit clarivate.com. Job Description: You’re qualified and experienced in all things operating large scale ElasticSearch clusters in a highly automated and efficient fashion. You'll be involved in optimizing cluster efficiency and data load operations. More than that, you want to push the envelope in automating operations and search optimization. You know that DevOps is more than a set of tools, it's an attitude.We’re betting you’re driven to build great things and get awesome results. We’ll also be looking for these things: Multiple years of developing software with object-oriented languages like Java, C++, or Ruby (most of our software is in Java), ideally in SOA applications. Experience managing multiple large scale ElasticSearch clusters Experience with cloud services (ideally AWS). You know the “gotchas,” potential problems, and how to setup a geographically redundant service in the cloud. Experience with Linux/UNIX systems and the best practices for deploying applications to those stacks. A commitment to best practices. We’ll want your opinions on operational processes, DevOps, deployment checklists, and more. Qualifications: 2+ years of experience with non-relational database (ElasticSearch preferred) prior experience in automation Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, etc. preferred For immediate consideration email bruce.mackenzie@clarivate.com . It is the policy of Clarivate to provide equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, pregnancy, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, Clarivate will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.