OUR POSITION IN A NUTSHELL As a Relocation Specialist, working full time, you will connect clients to a relocation consultant and train the consultants on best practices to preserve customer relationships and satisfaction. In this role, you are the first direct point of contact for any client request or concern, and you are the liaison between our relocating customers and our consultants. You will coordinate a high-quality service approach and nurture the client-to- consultant rapport with your interpersonal and mentoring skills. Your love for organizing logistics in a high-pressure environment and your willingness to be flexible and work on long-term projects are musts. YOUR FOOTPRINT AT DWELLWORKS While the Coordinator, Destination Services “sets the stage” by matching the client to the appropriate Relocation Specialist, you are responsible for “putting on the show.” In other words, you are building upon the foundation that the coordinator has created for you. By troubleshooting service deliveries and securing proper resources for both the clients and consultants you communicate with, you will help streamline the destination services processes. At Dwellworks, you have the potential to become a team lead who handles more delicate files, delegates tasks, and manages minor escalations; then, you can become a director of client services or operations. In addition, you will have the opportunity to gain experience within relocation services and connect with individuals inside such a specialized industry. Overlooking Campus Martius, our Detroit office is in the Campus Martius WeWork space. The coworking space allows for associates from all different companies to network over FREE coffee, tea, or flavored water and daily community events. The upbeat atmosphere creates a unique location for associates to engage in innovative thinking. Haven't heard of WeWork?? Check out their website to learn more! Due to the coworking space, we allow associates to work from home 3 days a week and only report to the office 2 days during the week. WHAT YOU WILL ACCOMPLISH _(50%) Program Management_ Operate a caseload of approximately 150 relocation programs Bridge communication and foster relationships between consultants and their clients throughout our nationwide network Develop a deep understanding of all relocation program workflows and processes Serve as a subject matter expert in the field to help individuals leverage Dwellworks’ resources and commitment to service Utilize discretion when selecting and contacting consultants for each relocation case Work collaboratively with clients and team members to achieve company-wide goals in alignment with our business strategy _(25%) Conflict Resolution and Coaching_ Audit consultant communication via email regularly to supervise the delivery of exceptional customer service Preserve a central repository of all communication with clients and consultants including but not limited to touch base meetings and email inquiries Lead and implement effective feedback sessions with consultants consistently Advise and redirect consultants who have service delivery issues Instruct consultants on best practices based on performance _(20%) Data Entry_ Complete detailed data entry, including billing and client-specific reporting Record and report updates into Dwellworks’ and clients’ systems _(5%)_ ___Ad Hoc Projects_ Participate in special projects and assist with special client requests as needed WHAT WE'RE LOOKING FOR _Your Education_ Bachelor’s degree preferred _Your Experience (Required)_ 1-5 years in an office environment Customer service experience _Your Experience (Preferred)_ International travel experience Firm understanding of cultural differences and/or experience working with people from various cultures Ability to manage a team and mentor fellow associates, volunteer groups, or new hires _Your Additional Skills and Abilities_ Must have a strong background in the following: Possess advanced organizational and multitasking skills Adapt and are flexible with new tasks that arise in a fast-paced environment Control stressful situations within the service industry Meet expectations for accuracy and attention to detail Obtain excellent interpersonal, verbal and written communication skills Present yourself and on behalf of the company in a professional, constructive manner Handle high volumes of work independently without supervision Thrive as a customer-driven team player in a dynamic work environment A DAY IN THE LIFE Andrew lives in London with his wife and two young children and works for ABC Company. ABC Company is relocating Andrew to Seattle and has hired a relocation company to assist him with the move. It has reached out to Dwellworks to help Andrew get settled in his new city! This is where the Relocation Specialist comes in – Andrew’s program is assigned to Christina, a Relocation Specialist who works at Dwellworks’ corporate headquarters in Cleveland. Christina is told about the details of the move and then reaches out to Andrew to let him know that she is going to assign him someone in Seattle to help him with the process of settling. She then uses a database to look for a destination services consultant (DSC) who lives near Seattle and will help him tour the area to look at different houses, neighborhoods, schools, banks and other services that would be best for him and his family. Andrew is flying into town next month to check out his new city and then move with his family in three months. Christina finds a DSC, Sue, who lives close to Seattle and is available during the times that Andrew wants to visit and move. Christina reaches out to Sue, and she agrees to be Andrew’s consultant. Sue will personally contact Andrew soon afterwards to introduce herself and start coordinating activities. Once the match has been made, it is Christina’s job to make sure that Sue is providing Andrew with excellent service during the relocation process. Christina ensures that Sue contacts Andrew promptly and follows up with him often. She also ensures that Andrew has an accurate timeline of when he will be personally meeting with Sue. Christina needs all this information to report to the relocation company regularly. If Sue does not seem to be performing up to standards, Christina will provide her with feedback and coaching to ensure that Sue helps Andrew and his family with the best service possible throughout the rest of the move. When Andrew’s relocation is complete, it is Christina’s responsibility to finalize data entry and inform the client that the program is closed. She will then enter billing details to ensure that accounting invoices the client and pays the DSC for their services. After that, Andrew’s case is considered closed! WHO WE ARE _Our Team_ The Dwellworks experience is driven with passion, hard work and integrity. We search for the team players, the go-getters, and the innovators who are hungry to learn. Best of all, we promote a relaxed, well-rounded environment where associates can explore and engage in extensive opportunities such as our associate led Engagement Committee. Here at Dwellworks, we want you to succeed, we want you to grow, and we want you to thrive! _Our Impact_ Headquartered in the heart of downtown Cleveland, we have expanded our footprint throughout ten global office locations. Listed among Northeast Ohio’s Top Workplaces for four years and awarded by Northeast Ohio Council on Higher Education (NOCHE) for our internship program, we empower our associates from all levels of business, in all of our offices to serve as leading providers in the relocation and real estate support services. _Our Perks_ Casual dress code Parking allowance Generous benefits package: medical, dental, vision, 401(k), etc. Gift card rewards through UnitedHealthcare’s wellness program _And most importantly: a passionate, friendly team of coworkers who work hard and love working here!_ WANT TO LEARN MORE? Check out our website or take a look at our Annual Report to learn more about what it's like to work here at Dwellworks!