HHSC Social Services Applications division is seeking a Logical Database Administrator / Database Developer who has a proven track record in developing and maintaining high-performance enterprise software solutions using Agile methodologies. HHSC Social Services Applications team is responsible for implementing and managing leading edge applications including Texas Integrated Eligibility Redesign System (TIERS) and the related Eligibility Supporting Technologies portfolio that is used to process applications and to determine eligibility for over 60 types of food, cash assistance, medical, and community care services to Texans in need. We work with cutting edge technologies on many high-impact initiatives that serve various HHSC lines of business. We do this all with an exceptional team of software, database, and dev-ops engineers, working together to make a difference for our customers. In this position, you will develop, enhance, maintain, and support the databases underlying the TIERS applications portfolio including one or more of TIERS, Task List Manager, Document Center, Enterprise Content Management, Family Violence, and other Social Services application components. You will work closely with the application development teams, our business stakeholders and other partners to enhance the TIERS applications portfolio and to implement new solutions. You will work with a very talented team in building databases and applications using some of the coolest web platform technologies including: Java/J2EE, SOAP/REST web services, Spring, JPA, JQuery, AngularJS, IBM WebSphere, Oracle, and more. This is an exciting role, demanding a strong background in Oracle database technologies, and is central to ensuring that the TIERS applications portfolio remains available and in service for HHSC Staff and the citizens of the State of Texas. You will work in a fast paced, customer service based environment. You will be responsible for performing advanced logical database administration / database development, performance monitoring & tuning and providing database related support to the application development teams, testing, and defect repair among other responsibilities. Utilizing Agile development practices, you will participate in backlog grooming & user story development; design, develop, build & test databases; and work together with other teams in support of application enhancements planned to support new program & business requests and to enhance Scalability & Stability of the applications. In addition, you will provide application & database operations triage support to troubleshoot & resolve functional & performance issues encountered in production, development, and test environments. This responsibility includes both workday and night/weekend on- call support as required to maintain high availability of the applications for various users. Essential Job Functions: 1\. (30%) Own all day-to-day application-specific database design efforts in relation to the assigned applications. Perform and support the design, development, tuning and maintenance of databases including structures, behaviors, performance, security, and recovery. Provide expertise in and participate in the development and implementation of database architectures to meet application performance and security requirements. Serve as a technical resource for difficult questions and problems. Provide technical guidance for database related design, development, integration, conversion and testing work. Educate development teams on database concepts and techniques. Assist with analysis and design of new development, updates, changes, and fixes. Writes and debugs complex stored procedures and triggers. 2. (25%) Implement, administer, manage, and monitor the assigned application databases in production & non-production environments. Monitor database performance. Design and implement performance tuning improvements and advise developers on tuning options. Ensure that data integrity and data security is maintained. 3. (15%) Provide database support (defect repair, maintenance, and production operations support) for web-based Java applications in an SOA platform. Perform analysis, troubleshooting, diagnosis and problem resolution. Analyze software for defects and performance tuning opportunities. Develop and test database code/scripts to resolve defects and improve application reliability and performance. 4. (10%) Configure and monitor alerts. Develop and implement appropriate monitoring tools. Plan for future data needs ensuring that needed capacity is available. Develop policies and procedures to ensure consistent implementation of database and programming best practices. Contribute to improving and creating database application processes and procedures. 5. (10%) Evaluate and recommend database software packages and upgrades. Plan, coordinate and implement database management software installations and upgrades. Assist in the testing of database updates, enhancements and changes to ensure that assigned applications and related systems continue to meet SLA requirements. 6. (10%) Work together with scrum masters/agile coaches, architects, web/java developers, database developers & administrators, system administrators, business analysts, and other team members in performing work tasks. Contribute to teamwork and unit harmony. Attend program design, coding and test walk-through meetings to provide input regarding adherence to technical standards and customer requirements Comply with all Federal, State, and agency laws, rules, policies, and procedures including SOPs that govern HHSC IT. Comply with Department and State guidance on automation system architecture and programming standards. Promote an image of IT excellence and communicate effectively. Perform other duties as assigned Knowledge Skills Abilities: 1\. Knowledge of the principles, practices, and techniques of software development and the full software development life cycle (SDLC). 2. Knowledge of industry accepted software engineering practices and life cycle methods. 3. Knowledge of database structures and theories, current database technologies, and data analysis techniques. 4. Knowledge of the principles, practices and techniques of computer programming and systems design. Knowledge of computer operations, systems and procedures. 5. Skill in technical analysis and design, including database design and planning. 6. Ability to work effectively with Oracle 11g /12c, Windows Server, Unix (Solaris) and Linux. Ability to assess future technological needs so that databases can properly evolve. 7. Ability to troubleshoot and affect a solution for complex software and database problems. 8. Expertise in troubleshooting & isolating source of performance issues quickly during slow system response time scenarios. In-depth knowledge of evolutionary & traditional Oracle tuning methodologies, internal views, performance monitoring tools and shell & SQL scripting. Ability to proactively & reactively diagnose and tune performance issues in a multiple application environments. Performing proactive & reactive iterative tuning in databases at various stages of SDLC. Experience managing large Oracle (specifically Oracle versions 11 & 12) databases on Unix in a Production environment 9. Skill communicating with varied levels of staff and end users to develop positive effective working relationships and to establish credibility, trust, and confidence. Ability to communicate effectively both verbally and in writing, to serve as a technical consultant to technical colleagues, to clearly and accurately document relevant issues, and to prepare accurate, concise, reliable reports. 10. Ability to work under pressure and successfully manage multiple overlapping deadlines. 11. Ability to contribute to teamwork and unit harmony. Ability to accept suggestions for improvement and take steps to continuously improve one’s own performance and conduct. 12. Ability to produce reliable, accurate, high-quality results. Registration or Licensure Requirements: Oracle Database 11g / 12c Administrator Certified Professional is highly preferred Initial Selection Criteria: -Graduation from an accredited College or University with a degree in computer science, computer information systems, management information systems, or a related field. Graduation from an accredited high school or GED plus four years of relevant full time, paid work experience may substitute for degree. - Preferred 6 Years: full time logical database administration, or closely related experience in enterprise-class production environment - Preferred 6 Years: Logical Database Administration of Oracle 10 and/or Oracle 11 databases in production environment, including, creating & documenting logical & physical data models, developing stored procedures/scripts/SQL and optimizing/tuning SQL - Preferred 6 Years: Experience supporting application development teams and multiple, simultaneous development cycles - Preferred 4 Years: Experience supporting Oracle 11 in an enterprise-scale production environment - Preferred 4 Years: Experience performing logical database administration in support of Java (J2EE) / WebSphere based enterprise applications - Preferred 3 Years: Database programming and/or script writing experience. - Preferred 2 Years: Experience supporting application databases through an Oracle 12 upgrade - Preferred 2 Years: Experience with RAC, RAT, Big Data, Goldengate, ASM, Dataguard, & RMAN - Preferred: Knowledge of Agile software development methodologies Additional Information: Requisition 370203 Responsibilities include after-hours support for troubleshooting production issues and/or supporting production deployments. You will be expected to comply with Department and State policy, plans and work rules, as well as comply with Department and State guidance on automation system architecture. You will also perform other duties as assigned. This position is classified as a fulltime position (40 hours a week). Note: Military occupation(s) that relate to the initial selection criteria and registration or licensure requirements for this position may include, but not limited to: 25B, IT, 275, 0171, 3D0X2. All active duty military, reservists, guardsmen, and veterans are encouraged to apply if qualified to fill this position. For more information see the Texas State Auditor’s Military Crosswalk at http://www.hr.sao.state.tx.us/Compensation/JobDescriptions.aspx. PLEASE COMPLETE & SUBMIT THE STATE APPLICATION FORM. Resumes attached and/or pasted into the Resume field MAY NOT be considered equivalent to the State Application and MAY result in automatic disqualification of your application. A fully completed State Application form including the complete education & professional experience history is HIGHLY PREFERRED. requisition 356035 MOS Code: 25B, IT, 275, 0171, 3D0X2 HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work. I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form. In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview.