Overview SIG has a job opening for a Systems Administrator to join our Collaboration & Productivity Technologies team in our Philadelphia area headquarters. We’re looking for someone in this role who is excited to be both a specialist and a versatilist. So, what do we mean by that? You will be a key player in the administration and evolution of our SharePoint environment. You will have the chance to build workflows and help to plan our way forward in this space, focusing on integration with client technologies like MS Office or the web applications published through SharePoint. But that won’t be your sole focus; you’ll also have the opportunity to be multi-faceted and expand your knowledge as you gain exposure to (and support) our instant messaging (Skype for Business and Symphony), Exchange, Mobile Messaging, Cloud Technologies (Office 365) and SMS Text/Paging environments. Bring your ideas forward in this role; we want to hear them. Work with us to evangelize this suite of technologies, designing, implementing, and supporting collaboration solutions that directly facilitates employee mobility and engagement across the enterprise. In this role, you will also: Foster collaboration with the lines of business (LOB) solution teams to gain an understanding of business objectives and requirements Collaborate and partner with architects, software engineers, and technicians to support this environment and introduce automation where applicable. Work with partners, vendors and management to support product evaluations and proof of concept activities Assist in the definition, development and implementation of best practice engineering principles as they relate to productivity and collaboration systems Evaluate usage patterns, performance metrics, test results, and recommendations Support and administer plans that include but are not limited to the optimization or implementation of productivity and collaboration solutions across SIG’s enterprise environment What we're looking for Bachelors degree in Science, Technology, Engineering, or other related technical field required; experience may substitute for education Minimum of 3 years of Systems Administration and deployment experience in Windows Server 2012 or later Must have experience automating processes and performing systems management tasks with PowerShell Must have experience designing, maintaining or supporting MS messaging and collaboration implementations with one or more of the following: Skype for Business, Exchange Server, SharePoint Server Prior software development work experience is a plus We don’t post salary ranges externally so any salary estimate you see listed here was not provided by SIG and may not be accurate. SIG is not accepting unsolicited resumes from search firms. All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at SIG via-email, the Internet or directly without a valid written search agreement will be deemed the sole property of SIG, and no fee will be paid in the event the candidate is hired by SIG.