Description Network Architect (EMS2) NOTE: This position may also be filled as a Senior Network Design Engineer. Please see Job Number 2018-WaTech-0921. Washington Technology Solutions (WaTech) operates the state's core technology infrastructure, the central network and data center, & supports Enterprise applications. WaTech also houses the State Office of the Chief Information Officer and the office of Cyber Security. Our customers include state agencies, county, city, tribal governments, and non-profits. WaTech enables public agencies to better serve the citizens of Washington through technology. A little about Network Services Division: Network Services Division (NSD) is simply a remarkable place to work. NSD strives to be proactive and staying ahead of our customers (and technology) in learning, researching, & delivering new technological solutions that resolve real-world problems. The technical practitioners in NSD work as a cohesive & close-nit division so team players are highly encouraged to consider this fantastic & rewarding opportunity. As Washington State's IT service provider, NSD delivers reliable, cost- effective, & innovative networking solutions to state agencies, municipalities, and authorized consumers. NSD securely interconnects state agencies by maintaining 135+ routing tables & 130+ Virtual Domains (VDOMs) while maintaining 4000+ routes enabling 800+ sites to communicate & share information with each other; we are the state's Wide Area Network (WAN) provider & Internet Service Provider (ISP) leveraging carrier-class architecture. NSD is WaTech's leader in innovative research, development, design, and strategic integration of carrier-class network infrastructure + service provider architecture + advanced technology; directly supporting 50k+ state users, state agency intercommunication, 45k+ telephony customers, data center colocation, and Enterprise resources across multiple data centers. What would you be doing in this role? Main purpose of a Senior Network Architect is to develop strategic direction and options for integrating, implementing, and evolving the capabilities of NSD's service portfolio. Principal responsibilities are proactive Research and Development (R &D;), decision proposals, and consultation services on behalf of NSD. Major outcomes produced are business and technical (decision) proposals that solve business problems, mitigate risk(s), align with strategic direction, and provide value for customer and Service Owner consideration. Scope of impact associated with the proposals developed involve all levels of State government ranging from Executive Management to technical/administrative staff to Service Owners. Primary responsibilities include, but not limited to: Conduct customer consultations; requirements gathering. Develop technology roadmaps. Analyze business requirements to develop technical network solutions and their framework. Architect high-level strategy decisions. Engineer low-level (detailed) designs. Develop implementation plans and timelines. This position supports the directly supports the delivery of network services, telephony services, and computing services provided by WaTech. The proposals developed by the incumbent contribute to the evolution, change(s), and direction (either directly or indirectly) of WaTech services. Here is what we are looking for in a fully qualified candidate : 1\. Ten 10+ years engineering, architecting, & designing network (technical) solutions for medium to large networks (WANs & MANs). 2\. Bachelor of Science degree in Network Engineering, Computer Science, Information Technology, or an equivalent technical discipline from an accredited college or university. _Note: Additional years of experience may substitute for the Bachelor's degree on a year-by-year basis._ 3\. Superior communication (written & verbal) in developing, formatting, tailoring, and delivering network strategy, business cases, and design proposals to Executive Leadership, Service Owners, & technical Subject Matter Experts (SMEs) for Q&A; and consideration. An ideal candidate will have these desired (not required) qualifications : 1\. Desired Master of Science degree or higher in Network Engineering, Information Systems, Computer Science, Information Technology, or an equivalent technical discipline from an accredited college or university. 2\. Desired IT certifications include, but not limited to (validation required): Cisco Certified Design Associate (CCDA) Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA) Cisco Certified Network Associate – Service Provider (CCNA SP) Cisco Certified Network Associate – Data Center (CCNA DC) 3\. Desired operational experience with the following protocols and technology: Virtual Routing & Forwarding (VRF) – multiple routing table environment Network Device Scripting (Cisco Configurations using NXOS, IOS, and IOS-XR) Border Gateway Protocol (eBGP and iBGP) Data Center Fabric Switching Technology (Cisco's FabricPath) Data Center Interconnect (DCI) Technology (Cisco's OTV) Multiprotocol Label Switching (MPLS) Fortinet Virtual Domains (VDOMs) 4\. Desired experience with the following Network Management and Monitoring tools: Orion SolarWinds Net Flow Tools (Scrutinizer preferred) Cisco Prime (formerly called Cisco Works) Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, Visio, SharePoint) 5\. Desired experience in working with new or unfamiliar technologies; independently using documentation, online resources, and other available sources of education to advance & integrate technology. How to Apply: Applications for this recruitment will only be accepted electronically. Please select the large apply button at the top of this announcement for instructions. You may need to create a profile and account in Washington State's automated tracking system, NeoGov. To be considered for this position you will need to: Answer any and all supplemental questions. Provide a letter of interest that addresses your interest in this position and ability to perform the responsibilities described for this role. Provide a resume that clearly demonstrates how your experience, training, and education make you a viable and competitive candidate for this position. Prior to a new hire, a background check including criminal record history will be conducted. Information from the background check will not necessarily preclude employment but will be considered in determining the applicant's suitability and competence to perform in the position. _First round of application assessments will be conducted seven days after the initial job posting date. The hiring authority reserves the right to offer the position at any time during the recruitment process. It is to the applicant's advantage to apply as early as possible._ Contact us: For inquiries about this position, please contact Jamie Robinson at (360) 407-8810 or email to jamie.robinson@watech.wa.gov. WaTech is committed to providing equal employment opportunity and equal access in a non-discriminatory manner to its programs and services for all persons without regard to race, creed, color, marital status, gender, sexual orientation, religion, age, national origin, political affiliation, honorably discharged veteran or military status, or the presence of any real or perceived sensory, mental, or physical disability. Persons requiring accommodation in the application process or for an alternative format may contact Jamie Robinson at (360) 407-8810 or jamie.robinson@watech.wa.gov. Persons of disability or those who are deaf or hard of hearing can call the Washington Relay Service by dialing 7-1-1 or 1-800-833-6388. WaTech complies with the employment eligibility verification requirements of the federal Form I-9. The selected candidate must be able to provide proof of identity and eligibility to work in the United States consistent with the requirements of that form on the first day of employment. To learn more about WaTech please view our site.