Do you want the challenge of building out top-of-the-line analytics solutions while helping set the foundation for rapid system development for the next several years at IQVIA? The Managed Markets team of IQVIA seeks a Sr. Tableau Data Visualization Consultant to join our team of talented Data Visualization and Analytics Developers. Located in Cambridge, MA, we partner with data engineers, consulting colleagues, and technical teams to develop scalable and efficient analytics solutions. Our syndicated solutions are used by 100’s of users inside and outside of IQVIA who seek to understand the impact of cost and restrictions on patient access to their medicine and on their product performance. We are constantly extending our offerings, working with clients to solve problems and analytics teams to develop new metrics and KPI’s. Given our ever-increasing pipeline of projects and solutions, we are looking for a Rockstar Tableau Data Visualization Consultant. Rather than develop reports which only tell what happened, we seek to create stories with client data. Using Tableau, we take users on a journey through their data helping to highlight insights and opportunities. Our ideal partner not only understands the technical side of Tableau, but understands Managed Markets data where they can use their creativity to push past line graphs, bar charts and tables. A Rockstar knows how to innovate with parameters, floating worksheets/objects, multiple data sources. They will be able to contribute to and apply our UI/UX standards enabling a seamless analytics platform for our clients. A Senior Tableau Data Visualization Consultant interacts with our clients, both internal and external, to uncover the “Why” for the analysis. They will know how to manage small projects and mentor other team members. The Consultant will partner with our Business Analyst to ensure high caliber requirements and configuration documentation is complete and available. Responsibilities Develops advanced Tableau Data Visualizations leveraging both established guidelines and custom designs when required The ability to create complex formulas and calculations within Tableau to meet the needs of complex business logic Maintain and publish syndicated Tableau Dashboards on Tableau Server Identify and resolve dashboard related issues Actively participates in and influences discussions around reporting requirements, infrastructure needs, and design with matrix partners and external clients Qualifications BA in a relevant discipline with strong academic record 5+ years of total experience as a Tableau Developer, data/financial analyst, or designer 3+ years of pharmaceutical industry knowledge, with a preference toward managed markets/contracting experience Expert Tableau skills Proven documentation and organizational skills Experience with Agile SCRUM and Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC) Creative energy and a sense of humor Experience working with a global development team a plus Experience with JIRA / Confluence a plus