Essential duties and responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned. Interprets historical, current, and projected data to identify operational problems, causes, and identify areas for which procedural or system changes are warranted. Conducts analysis of business operations to understand operational strengths and weaknesses and identifies opportunities to automate/improve processes and functions. Interviews operational stakeholders and conducts on-site observations to ascertain unit functions, work performed, and methods used to achieve process outcomes. Collaborates with process stakeholders, management, vendors and IT staff to resolve issues. Troubleshoots issues with computer applications or systems. Develops project plans and documentation to support the project implementation. Documents findings and prepares written recommendations for implementation of new systems, procedures, or organizational changes. Measures project achievement. Evaluates data quality and assesses improvement outcomes. Identifies and calculates cost savings of improved process. Develops and conducts training resulting from improved process. Assists users in documenting processes and procedures. Participates in ad-hoc special projects that may include budget preparation, forecasting, reporting, and trend analysis. Additional Job Specific Duties This position will work to maximize resources available to complement the mission of the College and Finance and Administration; provide a measure of quality that can be used to demonstrate efficiency and effectiveness; review processes to effectively meet the needs of the College community, and model positive behavior that demonstrates integrity, enthusiasm, ingenuity, and collaboration. Knowledge Must possess required knowledge and be able to explain and demonstrate, with or without reasonable accommodations, that the essential functions of the job can be performed. Analyzing qualitative and quantitative data. Continuous improvement models. Project management. Conducting training. Process maps, technical writing, and reporting. Skills Must possess required skills and be able to explain and demonstrate, with or without reasonable accommodations, that the essential functions of the job can be performed. Maintaining an established work schedule. Effectively using interpersonal and communications skills including tact and diplomacy. Effectively using organizational and planning skills with attention to detail and follow-through. Ability to maintain discretion and confidentiality. Strong analytical, planning, organizational, and time management skills. Strong research skills including gathering and analyzing data from multiple sources. Effective technical writing skills. Working in a cross-functional team environment. Interpreting and applying rules, regulations, policies, and procedures. Technology Skills Use a variety of spreadsheet, word processing, database, and presentation software. Advanced proficiency in business applications, such as Microsoft Office Suite, particularly Excel. Proficiency in using software applications to conduct data analysis, data extraction, and reports development. Required Work Experience Two years related work experience. Preferred Work Experience Direct experience conducting operational analysis in higher education. Required Education Bachelor's degree. Preferred Education Bachelor's degree or higher in finance, accounting, business, statistics, or other related field. Physical Requirements Work is generally performed in a standard office environment. Subject to standing, walking, sitting, bending, reaching, kneeling, pushing, pulling, and manual dexterity. Ability to sit for long periods of time. Occasional lifting of objects up to 10 pounds. Safety Work safely and follow safety rules. Report unsafe working conditions and behavior. Take reasonable and prudent actions to prevent others from engaging in unsafe practices.