Job Description: Interactions is changing the way leading brands and consumers communicate - making it easy, fast, and, well, fun. Recently listed as one of Forbes Next Billion Dollar Start Ups in 2017, at Interactions, we have created an environment that is based on innovation, quick-thinking and growth opportunities. Our employees are smart, hard-working and invested in the success of the company. We pride ourselves on great products, forward-thinking and our ability to balance a start-up environment with a healthy work-life balance. To support our continued growth, Interactions is expanding its team of Software Engineers focused on developing solutions that incorporate AI and deep learning to address social media engagement and digital messaging (webchat, FB messenger, etc.) products. This team works closely with our AI and deep machine learning teams. We strongly believe in “best idea wins” and “use the right tool for the job” philosophies, so you have the opportunity to make an impact on current and future products. We use a variety of languages, open source software and technologies and rely heavily on a core set of industry-proven idioms and best practices. You will work on problems that will depend on your interest, aptitude, and experience. You will find a challenging and rewarding role here - we offer a wide selection of opportunities including back-end, front-end, reporting/analytics, big data management, design, and performance optimization. We seek others who continually seek to expand their skill-set, and welcome opportunities for diverse challenges. Job Responsibilities You will be part of a team developing market leading Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning powered social and digital engagement omni-channel products. You will be working on new and existing rich-client web applications. This includes the design, implementation and testing phases of new products and features, mainly targeting desktop users and modern browsers. The frontend “stack” is modern and uses the Ember.js framework as a basis. Qualifications Required Expert knowledge and experience with JavaScript/TypeScript Knowledge and experience with vanilla CSS/SCSS Experience building scalable web applications Excitement and motivation to learn new skills and technologies Ability to handle autonomy and follow a standard development structure Preferred Strong Computer Science skills (data structures, design patterns, common idioms) Minimum of 3 years of experience and/or CS/CSE degree Experience with Ember.js and Node.js ecosystems desirable A dedication to building with performance and efficiency in mind Location Team members can report to one of our existing offices in Michigan (Ann Arbor, Northville), New York (NYC), Massachusetts (Boston, Franklin), New Jersey (New Providence), Texas (Austin), or Indiana (Indianapolis). Team members can also work from remote home offices. Willingness to travel Little to no travel demands ​ About Interactions: Interactions is a leading provider of speech and natural language technology that enables businesses and consumers to engage in productive conversations. With flexible products and solutions designed to meet the growing demand for unified, multichannel customer care, Interactions is delivering significant cost savings and unprecedented customer experience for some of the largest brands in the world. Founded in 2004, Interactions is headquartered in Franklin, Massachusetts with additional offices in Indiana, Texas, New Jersey and New York. For more information, visit www.interactions.com. The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to do this job. The above is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities and duties required. External and internal applicants, as well as position incumbents who become disabled as defined under the Americans with Disabilities Act must be able to perform the essential job functions (as listed) either unaided or with the assistance of a reasonable accommodation to be determined by management on a case by case basis.