PURPOSE OF POSITION The Massachusetts State Retirement Board (MSRB) administers a defined benefit retirement plan (Massachusetts State Employees Retirement System) for eligible employees and retirees of the Commonwealth and certain independent entities. The Business Analyst will be responsible for assisting in the continued support and implementation associated with the functionality, operation and maintenance of the Massachusetts Retirement Information System (MARIS) and work directly on site with MSRB and vendor staff. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS AND RESPONSIBILITIES Serve as a liaison between MARIS users and development teams whereby he/she assists in defining requirements to support agency(s) needs. Evaluate business processes, anticipating requirements, uncovering areas for improvement, and developing and implementing solutions. Lead ongoing reviews of business processes and develop optimization strategies. Lead meetings with subject matter experts (SMEs) to elicit, clarify, and confirm business requirements. Ensure solutions meet business needs and requirements. Prioritize initiatives based on business needs and requirements. Identify process improvements and facilitate reengineering of business process. Test application and data related issues prior to deployment for end user testing. Analyze, design, and verify complex data sets necessary to identify data quality issues and present results to stakeholders. Lead general application support and assist MSRB staff in areas including, system testing, configuration and functionality design, requirements analysis. Provide support in maintaining policies and guidelines related to implementation and operation of MARIS. Use SQL and database querying tools (e.g. TOAD) and PL/SQL to extract data from relational databases. Review tickets where appropriate either 1) resolve the issue, 2) replicate the issue in lower environments and 3) assign ticket for resolution. Provide inputs on developing project plans and monitoring performance. Other technical and programmatic responsibilities as requested by Project Manager. Qualifications KNOWLEDGE AND SKILLS Bachelor’s Degree or higher. Strong preference is given for experience with pension administration or benefit claim systems. A minimum of 5 years’ experience in business analysis or a related field. Experience with CASE tools including rules engine (logical rules and decision tables), BPM, business intelligence, and screen prototyping a plus. A collaborative mindset with the ability to work in a team environment but also self-motivated to produce results with minimal direction. Excellent communication skills (written and verbal), including presentation skills as well as the ability to clearly articulate technical solutions to non-technical staff. Exceptional analytical and conceptual thinking skills and the ability to influence stakeholders and work closely with them to determine acceptable solutions. Competency in Microsoft applications including Word, Excel, and Outlook. Excellent planning, organizational, and time management skills. Familiarity with data warehousing/ETL concepts, including extract, transform, and load (ETL) processes. Experienced in full software development life cycle (SDLC) including requirements definition, prototyping, design, coding, testing and maintenance. Experience with Agile design methodology and SCRUM meeting facilitation a plus.