Job Description IBM Global Business Services (GBS) is a team of business, strategy and technology consultants enabling enterprises to make smarter decisions and providing unparalleled client and consumer experiences in cognitive, data analytics, cloud technology and mobile app development. With global reach, outcome-focused methodologies and deep industry expertise, IBM GBS empowers clients to digitally reinvent their business and get the competitive edge in the cognitive era in over 170 countries. Bottom line? We outthink ordinary. Discover what you can do at IBM. The Full Stack Developer will: Strong Java developer with good understanding of microservices architecture. Apply industry standards, and best practices. Well versed with design such as OOP, Resiliency, Circuit Breaker Develop and consume APIs using HTTP/Rest. Develop systems for event driven architecture. Skills on at least one major JS library / framework. Exposure to relational / non-relational DB. Develop front end using HTML, CSS, and Java script. The Full Stack Java Developer understands all phases of software development, including UI / User Interface design and development, microservices design and development, relational and non-relational DBs, APIs and external integration, quality assurance, security, and infrastructure. The Full Stack Java Developer has hte ability to understand business functions and user stories, decompose them into technical specifications, and develop working application code for a hybrid cloud environment. The candidate must have experience in working and leading Agile squads consisting of other IT Architects, Business Analysts, Developers, and Testers, with squads that are both co-located and distributed onshore and offshore. The candidate must also be comfortable in working on- site with commercial clients, and have the ability to present to client IT and business stakeholders. BENEFITS Health Insurance. Paid time off. Corporate Holidays. Sick leave. Family planning. Financial Guidance. Competitive 401K. Training and Learning. We continue to expand our benefits and programs, offering some of the best support, guidance and coverage for a diverse employee population. CAREER GROWTH Our goal is to be essential to the world, which starts with our people. Company wide we kicked off an internal talent strategy program called Go Organic. At our core, we are committed to believing and investing in our workforce through: Skill development: helping our employees grow their foundational skills Finding the dream job at IBM: navigating our company with the potential for many careers by channeling an employee’s strengths and career aspirations Diversity of people: Diversity of thought driving collective innovation CORPORATE CITIZENSHIP With an employee population of 375,000 in over 170 countries, amazingly we connect, collaborate, and care. IBMers drive a corporate culture of shared responsibility. We love grand challenges and everyday improvements for our company and for the world. We care about each other, our clients, and the communities we live, work, and play in! http://www.ibm.com/ibm/responsibility/initiatives.html http://www.ibm.com/ibm/responsibility/corporateservicecorps camsadmi2018 CBVE Required Technical and Professional Expertise At least 3 years of experience with Spring Framework, REST Standards, Node.js, Spark, Python, Docker, Kubernetes, Git, Bitbucket At least 3 years of Cloud development (one of more of these) – IBM Cloud, AWS, MS Cloud, Google Cloud At least 3 years of DevOps (one or more of these) – Jenkins, Cucumber, SonarQube, Nexus, Ansible At least 2 years of Agile (one or more of these) – JIRA, Confluence, Slack At least 3 years of experience in full lifecycle delivery of complex systems, including requirements, design, build, test, and deployment At least 3 years of experience in system design and development processes, methods, and tools At least 3 years of experience working with Agile teams, including practice of Pair Programming and Test Driven Development At least 3 years of experience working with Continuous Integration / Continuous Delivery processes and tool automation Preferred Tech and Prof Experience Computer Science Engineering Degree or related field Agile Development Experience QMS Experience Previous Consulting Experience RTC/RQM Experience EO Statement IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.