Ensure NMHC Analytics tools, processes, policies, best practices and standards are embedded and adhered to within the assigned operating unit(s) and/or region. Lead the annual performance cycle activities related to the development of performance scorecards for their assigned entities. This requires an in-depth knowledge of standardized NMHC key performance indicators (KPIs) as well as source data in EDW to facilitate development of local KPIs as needed. Provide ongoing consultative support to operational and clinical leadership teams regarding their scorecards and proactively identify additional data & reporting to drive performance improvement. Facilitate the relevant accountability forums within their assigned entities as needed. Serve as liaison for local customers to access centralized Analytics resources and facilitate efficient and effective utilization of these resources. This may require leading teams of centralized Analytics resources to achieve local objectives. Deliver data, reports, analyses, presentations, and other analytics deliverables to support performance improvement and other analytics needs of assigned entities. This requires a high level of technical skill to independently produce analytics deliverables. Collaborate with the rest of Analytics management to ensure the department achieves its stated vision and objectives including accountability for achievement of Analytics goals & KPIs. Partner with EDW staff to plan, develop, implement, and optimize EDW data assets & reporting tools. Area of concentration for this role will be focused on items related to: Management and oversight of key projects/initiatives within the department Management and oversight of governance items related to: o Master data management o Security to EDW and portal across health system Coordinate discussions, requirements, and follow-ups with stakeholders, consumers, vendors, and other groups as necessary Solicit feedback, and analyze and present data and visuals to leadership, stakeholders, and other groups, as necessary Facilitate meetings and communicate action items Prepare deliverables for, and serve as liaison to, third party vendors and other NM stakeholder groups Familiarity with SharePoint and ability to leverage tools to support projects and participation EOE Minorities/Women/Disabled/Veterans. VEVRAA Federal Contractor. Required: Bachelors degree or equivalent experience. 5 or more years of experience in data management, reporting, analytics. Expert analytical skills in the areas of data extraction, report generation, and information visualization, including SQL Server expertise. Demonstrated analytical skills, including descriptive and inferential statistics. Demonstrated project management skills. Demonstrated process improvement skills. Experience managing staff and/or leading teams. Excellent management and communication skills, written and oral, including presentation skills for interaction at all levels of the organization including senior management. Desired: Experience working in a health system, hospital, and/or physician group. Experience working with Epic Clarity data model. Masters degree in related field.