At Aqua, we are guided by a set of principles that embody the character of our company and inspire our work together. They are embedded within our business practices and our behavior. We are proud to be united by integrity, respect and the pursuit of excellence to be the best we can be for the customers and communities we serve. Together, the women and men of Aqua America serve 3 million customers across eight states. Aqua uses science, technology, capital investments, and amazing talent to provide communities with clean, safe drinking water and responsibly return wastewater to our rivers and streams. Join our team and make a difference! Are you looking for a fantastic career at Aqua? We have a great opportunity for a Director, Integration. The primary focus of the duties for the Director position is to manage the successful transition and integration of Aqua’s acquisition/ growth opportunities within both the water and wastewater business. We are looking for the right person who will manage the integration process, working with Business Development from initial due diligence issues and Asset Purchase Agreement (APA) development, through the Closing Date and the eventual monitoring of the meter reading and billing process, post-closing, to ensure that our customers receive an accurate and timely bill. Project work includes issues tracking/resolution, management of an integration playbook, cutover and post-integration support. The position will work closely with the customer service area to setup rates, company codes, district codes, cycle, routes, data mapping, data validation, source data clean-up, conversion coding, meter reading, meter set-up and configuration, conversion testing and test billing review (calculations and format). This position works directly with the Customer Operations Team Leads, State/Division Leads, contractors and outside entities/vendors throughout the conversion process to ensure overall project coordination. Within Aqua this coordination encompasses various functions, including State operations, Communications, HR (employee on-boarding), IT (IT infrastructure), field services, meter operations, fleet management, material management, procurement, finance and payroll. Aqua’s ‘Integration Playbook” (integration task list) is to be maintained / updated to ensure project scope and tasks are up to date, accurate and inclusive. This position will manage post-closing review sessions with key stakeholders to discover improvement opportunities. Responsibilities will include- Manage a team consisting of two senior analysts to ensure that all acquired assets are integrated into Aqua. Work with business and functional leads to ensure that all facets of the integration are tracked and completed from the APA to the transition & cutover. Ensure all integration projects are adhering to Corporate PMO processes and methodologies. Prepare and maintain the integration project plans, schedule, team deliverables, milestones and financials. Maintain and enhance the Integration Playbook as part of a continuous improvement process. Meet with outside entities (sellers’ transition team, management and transitioning employees), representing Aqua America. Develop and implement a conversion plan (including detailed Cut-Over tasks and sequencing) that are specific to each integration. Communicate with business development & state leadership team as to integration scope, schedule, budget, resources and risks. Work with business development team to develop an annual resource plan for both Operating & Capital budgets. Provide supporting documentation and develop metrics and reports to track Key Performance Indicators (KPI). Travel as much as 10-15% to support integrations. Prepare integration presentation for annual business development meeting. Required Skills Required Experience The successful candidate will possess a bachelor’s degree in Business Management with strong integration and project management experience. 5 years of experience in project management roles; preferably with PMP or PMI- ACP certification. Process improvement background preferred. _Aqua America, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. Equal employment opportunity is provided to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to the following legally protected characteristics: race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, pregnancy (including childbirth and related medical conditions, including medical conditions related to lactation), physical or mental disability, covered-veteran status, genetic information (including testing and characteristics), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression or any other characteristic protected by applicable local, state or federal law._