About The Position: The Provider Programs and Clinical Strategy Analyst is a critical part of a multidisciplinary team, supporting aggregate data programs with providers and serving as a subject matter expert in the Provider Profiler tool. The Analyst translates the clinical vision of the department into measurable requirements through conversations with the BI (business intelligence) team. In addition to the BI team, the Analyst works closely with the AVP, Provider Partnerships to support field-based Provider Quality Managers (PQM), the Provider Quality leadership team, and other stakeholders who share or develop provider facing aggregate data. Position Responsibilities: The Analyst reports to the AVP, Provider Partnerships and develops data tools to support provider performance improvement, bringing Beacon’s mission into practice through provider facing interventions. The Analyst supports the Provider Quality Manager in their use of Provider Profiler data set and serves as the subject matter expert, primary trainer, and liaison to the Business Intelligence (BI) team regarding provider facing data. The Analyst is charged with the technical training and support of PQMs in their use of the Provider Profiler tool. This nationwide team of field based PQMs work with a select subset of Beacon’s behavioral health provider network. The Analyst will train PQMs on Beacon’s Provider Profiler tool upon PQM hire and with ongoing enhancements to the data set. Examples of support include interpreting metrics definitions, access to provider data, and providing guidance around state specific rules influencing the data. Much of this training will be conducted telephonically and via WebEx. The Analyst responds to PQM inquiries with the data in terms of problem solving, identifying additional data sets, and/or strategic planning for future data development. The Analyst serves as liaison between the Provider Partnerships and Business Intelligence departments in the development of the Provider Profiler. The Analyst compiles work requests for the BI team, gathering business rules for them to implement, and helping the BI team to understand the business meaning and use of the data set in the field. The BI team in turn will support the Analyst in more technical requests around the data’s origin. The Analyst monitors requests to the BI team and monitors progress over time, including corporate priorities in terms of next steps. Consults with BI on data development including business requirements, testing data, refining metrics, and continuing to improve data to stay nimble in the light of changing healthcare requests. The Analyst leads training process for all field-based Provider Quality Managers (approximately 30 staff) regarding data analytics and strategies to engage providers through data. The Analyst translates Beacon’s vision and mission into measurable ways to assess provider performance. The Analyst develops materials for internal and external audiences outlining the Provider Profiler’s use in provider engagement. Serve as the primary consumer and subject matter expert on of the Provider Profiler data set as well as the larger system of data that feeds in to the profiler. Assist PQMs with their own data analysis and serve as a subject matter expert and analytic support for the PQMs as they craft provider level reports. The feedback is both ad hoc requests and structured phone calls with PQMs. Train the PQMs on proper interpretation and use of the Provider Profiler metrics for both new hires as well as ongoing developments of the profiler. Facilitate internal requests to demonstrate the profiler’s capabilities in live or sample slide deck presentations. Complete ad hoc statistical analysis to inform higher level strategy and targeted approaches to provider engagement Serve as a liaison between the business owner and Business Intelligence team to assist in development of the Provider Profiler. Development will be run by Beacon’s Business Intelligence team Lead and coordinate User Acceptance Testing (UAT) in evaluating data enhancements, leveraging resources from Provider Partnerships and BI as needed Develop and administer template reports in the Microsoft Power View data visualization tool that presents Provider Profiler data. Serve as Administrator for the Provider Profiler SharePoint Portal and process quarterly data updates Develop hypotheses around data analysis to understand market specific conditions in the data and coordinate responses with regional Provider Quality teams Maintain Provider facing documentation of the Provider Profiler. Work with department leadership to align provider facing data sets, offering providers a standardized suite of reports reflecting a consistent message from Beacon Leads evaluation and analysis of Project ECHO participation and success, engaging with university partners Familiar with all aspects of the Provider Quality program, the Analyst gathers information from regional stakeholders, organizes and modifies analytics to support field based PQMs and their supervisors. This position requires expertise in data analysis, enough to engage others on interpreting and presenting data within context, supporting Beacon’s mission and vision, as well as using data to inspire change. The person and the analytic deliverables require a mix of standardization and efficiency, combined with the ability for regional flexibility. Other duties as assigned Position Requirements: Education: Bachelor’s degree required. Master’s degree preferred Relevant Work Experience: Minimum of five years’ professional experience required in behavioral health, at a provider and/or managed care setting. Leadership experience in managed care and/or behavioral healthcare strongly preferred. Experience working as a teacher or trainer is valuable as well. Competencies and abilities: Analytical and problem solving ability Interpersonal communication skills Verbal and written communication skills Commitment to the provider community and a desire to help effect positive outcomes for Beacon members High level of organization, managing multiple projects concurrently Transformative and proactive Group presentation and public speaking skills Ability to facilitate meetings, both in person and via video/tele conference platforms Collaboration and a team-oriented work philosophy Accountable Detail-oriented To Apply: Click below on “Apply for this Position” to create a profile and apply for the position Beacon Health Options is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer as well as a Drug Free and Tobacco Free Work Environment. EOE/AA/M/F/Veterans/Disabled