At Damco Distribution Services we are experts at warehousing, distribution, and transportation. Your shoes were likely made in China. Have you ever wondered how it got to your local retailer? Or, what’s in that shipping container going down your local highway? At Damco Distribution Services, we know. In fact, we facilitate the deconsolidation and movement of freight all across the US and Canada every single day. Working as an independent business unit, Damco Distribution Services is a member of the Maersk group of companies and is financially affiliated to one of the world’s largest and most respected transportation and logistics organizations. Formerly known as Maersk Distribution, Damco Distribution has provided customized distribution solutions for over 25 years. Each client’s supply chain is evaluated to optimize efficiency from factory production, all the way to end user delivery. The goal is not only to minimize lead times but also to minimize inventory levels and costs, thus making the client's business more flexible. Our warehouse network spans from East to West Coasts of the United States and in Canada, with a workforce of some 650 employees. Services include transloading and automated sortation, cross-docking, DC bypass, replenishment, drayage management, and inland transportation. The company stands by its brand attributes of: Passion for Customers, Dedication to Service Delivery, Differentiation and Energized People. We offer Working at Damco Distribution Services brings a unique blend of being part of a conglomerate with rich heritage and an exuberant, enthusiastic, fast-paced logistics company. We believe encouraging our employees to learn, take risks, and grow their career. You bring your hands on work ethic, positive attitude and strong leadership skills. We provide you with a range of unique opportunities from operations to customer service that will accelerate your development in one of the world’s leading logistics companies which is part of a Fortune 500 global organization. We offer competitive compensation and benefits packages which include but are not limited to: A competitive salary: A comprehensive Medical, Dental and Vision Coverage A 401k Retirement Plan Paid time off Tuition Reimbursement And More Key responsibilities This position requires extensive knowledge of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Regulations. Ensure all Owner Operators are within compliance with the Department of Transportation regulations. Coordinate recruitment process for owner operators o New Hire application, process and review o Review H6 (DMV Record) report o Drug and Alcohol qualification. o Submit and maintain insurance documentation. o Process “Lease and Transportation Agreement” with new driver.  Ensure quarterly inspections performed for every truck with DOT approved vendor  Create and audit “Driver, Vendor, and Truck” files on a daily basis to ensure compliance with Department of Transportation.  Perform random on site truck inspections  Update and maintain “Safety Record System: (Access data base).  Communicate daily with owner operators concerning DOT and DDSI safety and compliance issues.  Perform Human Resource responsibilities for each owner operator.  Create and maintain driver accident logs & reports.  Maintain and audit daily hours of service logs and ensure compliance with DOT regulations  Back up for Dispatch when required Assists other desks as workload permits or directed by supervisor Supports the company’s commitment to Integrated Management Systems (IMS) certifications. Performs job related duties as specified by management We are looking for College degree preferred 5 years of Transportation experience including DOT regulations Proficient in Microsoft Excel, Word, and Access Good verbal and written communication skills (Bilingual – Spanish Preferred) Assertive self-starter Strong multi-tasking skills Team player Ability to work a flexible schedule including nights, weekend and holidays