Senior Service Management Consultant – BMC Architect - 035546 Description Role: Senior Service Management Consultant – BMC Architect Business Area: Cloud Service Integration– Cloud Projects and Consulting Reporting to: Service Integration Director Working Pattern : Full Time About Capgemini: Now with 200,000 people in over 40 countries, Capgemini is one of the world's foremost providers of consulting, technology and outsourcing services. The Group reported 2014 global revenues of EUR 10.57 billion. Together with its clients, Capgemini creates and delivers business, technology and digital solutions that fit their needs, enabling them to achieve innovation and competitiveness. A deeply multicultural organization, Capgemini has developed its own way of working, the Collaborative Business ExperienceTM, and draws on Rightshore®, its worldwide delivery model. About Infrastructure Services : The Cloud Infrastructure Services Business Unit is Cagemini’s consulting, infrastructure build and run capabilities with the provisioning and support of cloud based services. With EUR 1.5 billion annual revenue, Cloud Infra Services provides infrastructure outsourcing services, including data centre, helpdesk and network support, as well as providing service integration and service maintenance support. Other services include infrastructure transformation services, helping clients consolidate and migrate workloads and entire datacentres. Cloud Infra Services also help clients virtualize and optimise their IT estates. As part of the integrated cloud offering from Capgemini, Cloud Infrastructure Services delivers a broad range of cloud service under Cloud Choice to build and support the hybrid cloud estate encompassing the leading public cloud players and leading private cloud technologies. Main Purpose of the Role: Enter text here: This position is a BMC Solution Architect and Lead Technician for BMC Solution-based transitions (level O6 or Level 07) reporting into Lead BMC Solution Architect. Primary Responsibilities 1) Developing service management technical solutions based on BMC Solutions and presenting the technical solutions to the Capgemini Bid Teams and the Clients during the bid process. In that capacity this role is accountable and responsible for matching business requirements with toolset funcitonality and explaining that match to the Bid Team and the Client. Preparing slideware to illustrate the presentations is required. 2) Leading the team that implements the developed solution. This role guides the efforts of the Tools Workstream Project Team to implement the solution, ensuring that the solution continues to meet business requirements through the transition as change orders alter the scope of the overall solution. They will participate in all aspects of the transition project from pursuit support, to post go-live support. This includes estimating the project costs and timelines, assisting with the project plan build, identifying and acquiring resources, making technical decisions based upon input from the team, escalating issues and risks, and working with the project manager to ensure that the project makes it's deliverable commitments on time. 3) Building Solution Design Team Capabilities. When not working on bids and transitions this role develops content for all aspects of the client life cycle; pre-sales collateral, bid presentations, transition deliverables, and content for new product/service exploratorations: white papers, presentations, and business case development. This role also trains team members on BMC Solution functionality (BMC Remedy ITSM, BMC Control-M, BMC TrueSight). Qualifications Extensive knowledge of BMC Remedy ITSM, BMC Control-M, BMC TrueSight, solid technical knowledge of enterprise event management, automation, and scripting tools such as the following titles: o Dynatrace/New Relic/AppDynamics o Splunk/ELK o CA Automic or similar o UIPath or similar o Universal Data Connectors o Automated testing software o An API Gateway o Java o AngularJS o NodeJS o SQL Excellent oral and written skills are a must as the role frequently conducts presentations to and interacts with all levels of Capgemini and Client organizations, creating the content, and writing and editing deliverables. Proficient ITIL Process knowledge as the role uses that knowledge combined with ServiceNow knowledge to assist in the design of the solution, and in assisting the client to define their requirements for ServiceNow configuration. The goal is to strongly urge the use of Capgemini-defined functionality of the toolset to satisfy client requirements in lieu of creating one-off solutions. Understand the business use of tool selections and configurations and ability to communicate that understanding to Customers Understand the downstream impact of Tool Configuration in follow-on reporting and interface applications Proven ability to develop positive working relationships in a distributed team, and to create effective collaboration with direct and extended team members is vital Ability to work under pressure and manage to deadlines Experience A minimum of two years experience as design/development team lead, project manager, or service delivery manager At least two years implementation experience with of BMC Remedy ITSM, BMC Control-M, BMC TrueSight Skills/Certifications BMC accredation as a professional Consultant desired Excellent analytical and problem solving skills Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related field Proficient with all Microsoft Office applications L1-JH1 Capgemini is an Equal Opportunity Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender identity/expression, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetics, veteran status, marital status or any other characteristic protected by law. This is a general description of the Duties, Responsibilities and Qualifications required for this position. Physical, mental, sensory or environmental demands may be referenced in an attempt to communicate the manner in which this position traditionally is performed. Whenever necessary to provide individuals with disabilities an equal employment opportunity, Capgemini will consider reasonable accommodations that might involve varying job requirements and/or changing the way this job is performed, provided that such accommodations do not pose an undue hardship. Click the following link for more information on your rights as an Applicant - http://www.capgemini.com/resources/equal-employment-opportunity-is-the-law Qualifications This position is a BMC Solution Architect and Lead Technician for BMC Solution-based transitions (level O6 or Level 07) reporting into Lead BMC Solution Architect. Primary Responsibilities 1) Developing service management technical solutions based on BMC Solutions and presenting the technical solutions to the Capgemini Bid Teams and the Clients during the bid process. In that capacity this role is accountable and responsible for matching business requirements with toolset funcitonality and explaining that match to the Bid Team and the Client. Preparing slideware to illustrate the presentations is required. 2) Leading the team that implements the developed solution. This role guides the efforts of the Tools Workstream Project Team to implement the solution, ensuring that the solution continues to meet business requirements through the transition as change orders alter the scope of the overall solution. They will participate in all aspects of the transition project from pursuit support, to post go-live support. This includes estimating the project costs and timelines, assisting with the project plan build, identifying and acquiring resources, making technical decisions based upon input from the team, escalating issues and risks, and working with the project manager to ensure that the project makes it's deliverable commitments on time. 3) Building Solution Design Team Capabilities. When not working on bids and transitions this role develops content for all aspects of the client life cycle; pre-sales collateral, bid presentations, transition deliverables, and content for new product/service exploratorations: white papers, presentations, and business case development. This role also trains team members on BMC Solution functionality (BMC Remedy ITSM, BMC Control-M, BMC TrueSight). Qualifications Extensive knowledge of BMC Remedy ITSM, BMC Control-M, BMC TrueSight, solid technical knowledge of enterprise event management, automation, and scripting tools such as the following titles: o Dynatrace/New Relic/AppDynamics o Splunk/ELK o CA Automic or similar o UIPath or similar o Universal Data Connectors o Automated testing software o An API Gateway o Java o AngularJS o NodeJS o SQL Excellent oral and written skills are a must as the role frequently conducts presentations to and interacts with all levels of Capgemini and Client organizations, creating the content, and writing and editing deliverables. Proficient ITIL Process knowledge as the role uses that knowledge combined with ServiceNow knowledge to assist in the design of the solution, and in assisting the client to define their requirements for ServiceNow configuration. The goal is to strongly urge the use of Capgemini-defined functionality of the toolset to satisfy client requirements in lieu of creating one-off solutions. Understand the business use of tool selections and configurations and ability to communicate that understanding to Customers Understand the downstream impact of Tool Configuration in follow-on reporting and interface applications Proven ability to develop positive working relationships in a distributed team, and to create effective collaboration with direct and extended team members is vital Ability to work under pressure and manage to deadlines Experience A minimum of two years experience as design/development team lead, project manager, or service delivery manager At least two years implementation experience with of BMC Remedy ITSM, BMC Control-M, BMC TrueSight Skills/Certifications BMC accredation as a professional Consultant desired Excellent analytical and problem solving skills Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related field Proficient with all Microsoft Office applications Schedule : Full-time Primary Location : US-TX-Dallas Organization : CIS US PandC