DOSH is seeking an experienced Database Engineer to join us in Austin, TX. The DBA will support cloud hosted production databases which handle millions of requests per day. The role requires a service-oriented mentality and a high sense of ownership of the problems and requests assigned. The role requires a keen focus on managing and resolving issues to maintain alignment with SLAs, and establishing and maintaining communication with technology customers to keep them apprised of status of their requests. Your Impact Owning, tracking and resolving database related incidents and requests Fulfilling requests and resolving incidents within SLAs Reviewing service related reports (e.g. database backups, maintenance, monitoring) on a daily basis to ensure service related issues are identified and resolved within established SLAs Responding to database related alerts and escalations Collaboration with stakeholders to come up with strategic solutions to recurring problems Actively contribute to ongoing process improvement Forward looking planning for product needs Performs other duties or special projects as assigned Minimum Qualifications Experience in Data Integrations tools and processes Experience in Data Governance and Quality. Hardware knowledge with good understanding of memory, CPU, SAN, RAID, I/O, SSD, and other capacity related components. Experience with MySQL 5.6 and above for at-least 1 to 2 years on Unix/Linux Working knowledge of DBA best practices (e.g., schema management, index optimization) Query and database tuning skills Capacity monitoring and management capabilities UNIX shell scripting and SQL skills Troubleshooting and resolution skills Ability to manage multiple tasks with shifting priorities Ability to build and maintain strong working relationships with DBA community and application teams On-call for production databases - daily maintenance, monitoring, problem resolution and internal customer and dev support Root cause analysis of production-related database issues The ideal candidate will have: Exposure to AWS data management (S3, Redshift) and related tools (Athena, EMR, Glue) in an enterprise environment. Working knowledge of time-series systems and NoSQL databases Working knowledge with AWS database technologies like Aurora, DynamoDB, Redshift, etc will be a plus Experience with data sharding, horizontal partitioning and clustering. Advanced knowledge and experience in MySQL database architecture and system design. Advanced knowledge and experience in MySQL database performance tuning principles.