Job Information Job Summary: The Data Analyst, who reports to the Director, Alumni Insights, is the data and analysis expert for the Alumni Relations team. The Data Analyst will enhance the Alumni Relations team’s efforts by leveraging current systems, managing data, setting up reports, creating surveys and analyzing data to help make data-driven decisions. Responsibilities: Create and manage surveys following best market research practices for a variety of Alumni Relations programs. Build reports biannually or annually for larger, ongoing programs. Intermediate-level analysis and data reporting that drive insights for the Alumni Relations team using various models. Ability to leverage data visualization for data analysis, and present findings to key staff members as needed. Develop suite of queries and reports providing timely, accurate data to help share information with team members to reach achieve engagement goals. Serve as departmental expert on the relational database which stores alumni information, as well as data flow and uploads among our various software systems. Managing alumni data including, mass data uploads, generating mailing lists, email lists, specialized alumni lists, and light data entry. As well as develop and maintain system audits to ensure data integrity and accuracy on Alumni Relations fields. Oversee the regularly scheduled collection and management of alumni volunteer activity across the school by working with key departments and staff. Coordinate and collaborate with peers as needed in the Advancement data integrity and data analytics team, as well as be a resource for others on the Insights Team. Develop and maintain training materials and/or quick reference guides for team members, including documentation of policies and workflow protocols. Additional Requirements Education, Experience and Certifications Education: Bachelor's degree required, with some coursework in statistics or computer science preferred. Experience: At least two years of related experience in system administration and data analysis required. Technical Knowledge or Skills: Familiarity with relational database reporting (e.g. Business Objects Web Intelligence) preferred. Strong analytical skills required with a proven record of problem solving; deep experience in database query, analytical functions in Excel required. Working knowledge of presentation programs like PowerPoint for the creation of report decks. Working knowledge of Tableau and other statistical programs like R preferred. A strong commitment to collaboration and customer service, high attention to detail and follow-up, and excellent organization skills required. Strong verbal and writing skills, data visualization skills. Ability to respond to and prioritize multiple projects. Ability to manage confidential information with discretion and tact required. An exceptional work ethic and track record of personal initiative required. Required Documents: Resume Cover letter Note: When applying, all required documents MUST be uploaded under the Resume/CV section of the application. Benefit Eligibility Yes Pay Frequency Monthly Pay Range Depends on Qualification Scheduled Weekly Hours 37.5 Union Non-Union Job is Exempt? Yes Drug Test Required? No Does this position require incumbent to operate a vehicle on the job? No Health Screen Required? No Posting Date 2018-06-22-07:00 Remove from Posting On or Before 2018-12-22-08:00