Join our team and make the world better for developers! We are building the Developer Relations dream team in Azure engineering. Our global team is maniacal about making the world amazing for developers of all backgrounds. We’re excited to support and contribute to open source platforms, tools, and processes. We’re spreading awareness of Azure and enabling developers to do what they love; write, code, and learn. This is the heart and soul of reinventing Microsoft’s relationship with developers. Sound exciting? This is your opportunity to join and be a key part of our mission! Learn more here: www.aka.ms/meettheteam The mission of the Cloud Developer Advocacy team is to win the hearts and minds of Developers through authenticity, community and technical engagement. The Cloud Developer Advocacy team is first and foremost pivoted on enabling a healthy ecosystem for technical communities to create and build things in the cloud. We are looking for Cloud Developer Advocates who will be based in- region in Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Japan, the United Kingdom, and San Francisco and New York in the United States. As a Cloud Developer Advocate, you’ll be instrumental in building a large and vibrant community for Microsoft Azure. You’ll build and nurture great relationships with developers online and in your local city, create amazing samples and content. and will be focused on winning the hearts and minds of our technical audiences at scale. Also, our team is diverse and inclusive, our team embraces diversity and inclusivity in what we do. Responsibilities Create content, videos, and samples from beginner to best practices that demonstrates how to develop, deploy, manage, and scale Azure applications. Champion relevant Azure products and services in your local community at conferences, meetups, coding boot camps, online forums, Twitter, Stack Overflow, Hacker News, and more. Network and build relationships with the top developer thought leaders in your local community and earn their trust and respect for Microsoft technologies. Build relationships with key influencers, foster a healthy technical community, and collect and prioritize product feedback and technical blockers with engineering. Scale your efforts by partnering with the Microsoft field and developers in community programs like Microsoft MVPs, Docker Captains, Oracle Java Champions, etc. Win the hearts and minds of developers by building and/or contributing to key OSS projects and building cool, useful, or productive apps. Use data, experiments, and customer feedback to drive growth in your community. Qualifications 3+ years of experience of development experience Preferred Qualifications: Solid communication skills - ability to be both a strong technical writer as well as a dynamic public speaker. Passion for helping developers connect people and communities through the cloud. A self-starter that can manage and prioritize initiatives that will make our developers and platform the most successful. Travel may be required depending on where local and national developer events are held. Previous experience as a developer advocate, developer evangelist, or external developer-focused role. Proven experience working with 3rd party communities, social media and blogging required. APEXawesomejobs APEXawesomejobsCDA Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.