This individual will support the Technology needs of the Global Talent team. Key responsibilities include but are not limited to system configuration, reporting, vendor management, and documentation. This individual will play a key role in project implementations and supporting our customers. Must have experience with applicant tracking systems focusing on the configuration of recruiting and onboarding modules and have the ability to translate business needs into data reporting requirements. This individual will also be interfacing with external vendors to stay informed of industry best practices in the area of Talent Technology and thoroughly understand Company policies and procedures to ensure that decisions are in compliance. Key Responsibilities Responsible for system configuration. Systems include but are not limited to applicant tracking systems (Oracle/Taleo), reporting databases, interview and assessment tools, job landing pages, and job board aggregators. o Accountable for ensuring the successful delivery of system configurations and that progress is maintained within expected guidelines o Support, maintain, configure, and release ongoing system enhancements and new functionalities within Taleo and other related recruiting applications. o Provide project management support with documentation of functional and technical requirements, process flows, design workflows, and meeting notes o Work with external technology vendors to implement new functionalities, system upgrades and escalate issues and liaise with internal partners to leverage technology solutions to ensure requirements are accurate and meet the needs of the Company o Lead system upgrades, deploy patches and perform system maintenance Responsible for managing reporting requirements. Creating reports and dashboards for our customers. o Identify, create, and implement system audit reports and web analytics to monitor adherence to processes, performance, trends, site visits, and defects o Automate and schedule reports, implement dashboards and analytics Provide technical support for integrations, system defects and errors o Work with system users and stakeholders globally to provide troubleshooting, research, problem solving of issues and guidance as needed, consistently leveraging best practices. Qualifications Bachelor’s Degree (preferred) Strong attention to detail and accuracy, coupled with the ability to see the broader and global picture. (Required) Experience handling confidential information (required) 3 years of strong analytical and problem solving experience (required) Strong experience in MS Excel, and report writing (required) 4 years of experience in Human Resources (preferred) 2 years of experience with HRIS systems required. Oracle, Taleo is a plus. 1 year of report writing experience (preferred) Able to work independently and under pressure to meet deadlines in a fast paced, challenging and dynamic environment. Experience in Visio, MS Project, PowerPoint, Taleo, Oracle Business Intelligence, Business Objects (preferred) Job: Human Resources Primary Location: Americas-US-NY-New York Job Type: Standard Schedule: Full-time Shift: 1st (Day) Shift We are an equal opportunity employer. Minorities, women, veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply. Job Number: 189433