At Dialpad, we're a team of do-ers. A team that thinks outside the box and when that doesn't work, we reinvent it. We don't settle for the status quo and neither do the things we build. Led by the same minds behind Google Voice, we build products that get businesses talking—whether it's across the hall, street, or country. With $70 million in funding from Google Ventures, Andreessen Horowitz, and other top VC’s along with engineers from companies like Microsoft and Google, every member of our team plays an essential role in creating a voice product that doesn’t just combine design and mobility but works with you wherever productivity may strike. We're looking for data engineers who are eager to embrace broad aspects of data engineering, from bare metal to data model. You’ll work directly with our Data Science and Backend Engineering teams to build infrastructure and manage the overall performance and reliability of our systems. You’ll design software to process, search, analyze, and store data for applications that are continually growing in scale, while continually optimizing for security and speed. Interested in the science of conversations, data, APIs and scaling a system that supports real-time voice transcription & analysis? Let’s meet! Environment Languages: Python Batch and Stream Processing with Beam, Data Bricks, Dataflow, Kinesis, BigTable Data Warehousing: BigQuery, Google Storage Experience building and managing efforts in both batch and streaming data processing pipelines with technology like Beam, Spark, etc. RDBMS, NoSQL, shared storage, ETLs, queuing systems, Pub/Sub, Message Buses Operations: cloud providers (i.e. GCloud, AWS, etc.), Docker, orchestration systems (Salt, Puppet, Ansible, etc.), CI/CD Systems (CircleCI, Jenkins, etc.) Also: Linux, Gi Required Strong fundamentals in computer science and software engineering. Your experience with the tools we use is nice. Your skill with lots of tools is better. You aren't afraid to switch between building long-term stable systems and scrappy demos when needed. You measure & monitor everything you build to ensure that it remains stable. You work well on on siloed as well as collaborative projects. You want to work at a startup! This means things are going to change quickly, and you’re comfortable with that You’re committed to personal and professional growth both inside and outside of the workplace, through code reviews, conferences, and exploration About Us Joining our team means collaborating with people that aren’t just passionate about their work but about Argentine tango, musicals, sushi burritos, comic books - you name it. Because if you’re going to redefine the status quo, you need a group of people hungry to do more, to see more, and be more than where they started. There is no idea too crazy and no task too small — we work together to make things we’re proud of. Compensation & Equity Teamwork makes the dream work. We recognize that our dedicated team members are what make our success. That’s why we offer competitive salaries in addition to stock options. Healthcare An apple a day keeps the doctor away - and it doesn’t hurt that we offer 100% paid Medical, Dental and Vision Plan employee coverage. Reimbursements We offer a monthly stipend to help cover your cell phone, home internet, and even gym membership costs. Location, Location, Location San Francisco Raleigh Vancouver Tokyo San Antonio San Jose. From coast to coast, our offices are nestled in active and growing downtown areas.