BKD is a place where people build careers, gain new skills and enjoy big firm resources with a small firm approach to teamwork and camaraderie. We focus on providing unmatched client service to everyone we encounter—both in the marketplace and in our offices. We also offer the support, resources and opportunities _you_ need to further develop your career. We listen to learn, combine innovation with practicality and give back to the communities where we live and work. See what we offer new hires in terms of competitive compensation, People First benefits and paid time off. Take your career to the next level at BKD. About BKD BKD, LLP, a national CPA and advisory firm, can help individuals and businesses realize their goals. Our approximately 2,600 dedicated professionals provide solutions for clients in all 50 states and internationally. BKD and its subsidiaries offer a variety of tax, accounting and consulting services and combine the insight and ideas of thought leaders in multiple industries. Learn more at bkd.com. We are looking for a health care data analyst with industry experience to join our growing Healthcare Performance Advisory Services (HCPAS) Team as a Managing Consultant. This position can be located in Springfield, MO, Kansas City, Dallas, Indianapolis, or Chicago. Responsibilities This individual will assist with the development and delivery of data analytics solutions for health care clients of the firm. Working with a team of professionals, this consultant will support operations ranging from clinical performance improvement to revenue cycle management projects. To succeed in this role, you should be analytical and resourceful in addition to being an excellent communicator who’s able to tell the story behind raw data to non-technical audiences. Experience in the healthcare industry is preferred. The role involves two major focus areas. First is data analysis, which entails interpreting data requests, retrieving the data from clients and other external sources, visualizing the data in a way that makes sense for each request, and helping the stakeholders utilize the data. The second focus area is the research, development and project management. Works with other HCPAS team members and clients to develop, launch and support innovative data solutions Implements appropriate processes for defining data requirements with external and internal partners Completes assigned client projects and related activities including but not limited to setting up configurations, troubleshooting and fixing data issues, and acting as technical contact for clients Communicates with internal stakeholders regularly to provide status updates and ensures project timelines and scopes are being managed appropriately Provides both one-to-one and formal education to hospital staff including data collection, analysis, reporting, and benchmarking Qualifications Bachelor’s degree required, preferably in Mathematics, Computer Science, Information Technology or Data Science or equivalent job experience Experience with data visualization tools such as SQL Server Reporting Services, Tableau, and PowerBI, etc. Experience working with healthcare, revenue cycle, and/or clinical operations data is desirable Ability to develop and recommend solutions to problems. Ability to discover insights from data Able to successfully manage multiple competing deadlines Ability to demonstrate ownership over tasks and assignments Works on problems of limited to diverse scope involving task specific or cross-functional teams Ability to analyze business processes, best practices, data lifecycles, and standard operating procedures Experience with health care data, such as 835/837, financial, patient accounting data, and clinical data Experience the BKD difference for yourself.