Since 1851, MassMutual’s commitment has always been to help people protect their families, support their communities, and help one another. This is why we want to inspire people to Live Mutual. We at MassMutual value diversity and inclusion. We’re people helping people. A career with us means you will work alongside exceptional people and be empowered to reach your professional and personal goals. Our employees are the foundation of what makes MassMutual a strong, stable and ethical business. We seek and value unique and varied perspectives and experiences because we believe we are stronger when all voices are heard. We invite you to bring your bright, innovative ideas to MassMutual as we continue to help millions of Americans rely on each other. Together, we’re stronger. Description Full Stack Developer LifeScore Labs About LifeScore Labs LifeScore Labs, LLC is a new business unit created by MassMutual to productize selected intellectual property developed by our industry leading data science team. LifeScore Labs is working to bring its first product, the algorithmic underwriting model- LifeScore 360, to the broader insurance carrier market and is putting together a team to move this entrepreneurial venture forward. About the Product LifeScore 360 is an algorithmic underwriting solution that enables insurers to more efficiently and accurately measure the risk of their applicants and make decisions more quickly. In contrast with traditional underwriting approaches that rely on linear processes and manual analysis, LifeScore 360 leverages machine learning to instantly deliver an individual risk score and the driving factors behind it. LifeScore 360 significantly reduces the time to issue a policy, improves the take rate on offered policies, and improves claims experience for insurers. We’ve proven the impacts to the bottom line within MassMutual and have created a new company specifically to bring this technology to the broader insurance carrier market through selected industry partners. About the Role As a Full Stack Developer at LifeScore Labs you’ll be a proficient hands-on developer, a skilled problem-solver, a flexible team player, and focused on continuously delivering great products to market. We value best-practice software engineering principles and seek team members willing to work cross- functionally and be hands-on in multiple areas. We're extremely passionate about the quality of our work and the people on our team. If you are technically sharp and looking for an opportunity to help build a new product and business, then we invite you to learn more about LifeScore Labs! Responsibilities: Technical Ninja. You’re confident and comfortable building dynamic web applications and services and implementing complex data and API integrations Architect & Builder. LifeScore Labs is doing a ground-up build- your input and talents will shape the direction of our platform. You will help define our software architecture principles and standards through direct coding activities Problem solver. Innovate and provide critical thinking and problem solving ability to drive change and develop creative technology solutions Role Model. Your work ethic, focus on continuous learning, and desire to deliver the best inspires your team members. Assist fellow developers through code reviews, program enhancements, unit testing, bug fixing and problem solving Knowledge seeker. You recognize new technologies are always emerging and continuously scan the landscape for opportunities to enhance our platform and ability to deliver better products to our customers Team player. You’ll interact with a variety of professionals with different backgrounds and experience and seek to learn from and contribute to the group Basic Qualifications At least 5 years of experience with full stack development, including application, API, testing, and automation experience Experience with the following: Proficiency in any of the following: Python, Java, Scala, SQL Database design and administration Application security best practices Software and system architecture Proficiency in open source web application frameworks (Django or Play or etc.) CSS frameworks (e.g. Sass or Less) JavaScript frameworks (e.g. Backbone.js or ReactJS or Redux) Unit test frameworks (e.g. mocha or chai or sinon or casper or jasmine, etc.) Developing RESTful APIs and API Gateway integration (e.g. Kong or Tyk.io) Continuous integration server(s) (e.g. Jenkins or Concourse or GoCD, etc.) and continuous deployments Cloud-based IaaS (e.g. AWS) Containerization (e.g. Docker) Enjoy working in an agile environment and collaborating with the team to solve technical challenges Entrepreneurial mindset with the ability to work in a rapid and iterative development environment Superior communication skills with the ability to work directly with business partners Authorized to work in the US without sponsorship now or in the future Preferred Qualifications 8 years of experience with full stack development, including application, API, testing, and automation experience preferred Degree in Math or Computer Science preferred Graduate degree is a plus Ranked No. 77 in the annual FORTUNE ® 500 Ranking (FORTUNE ® Magazine, June 2017) and recognized as a World’s Most Ethical Company by Ethisphere, MassMutual is guided by a single purpose: We help people secure their future and protect the ones they love. As a company owned by our policyowners, we are defined by mutuality and our vision to put customers first. It’s more than our company structure – it’s our way of life. We are a company of people protecting people. Our company exists because people are willing to share risk and resources, and rely on each other when it counts. At MassMutual, we Live Mutual. CORE VALUES Focus on the Customer: We understand our customers well and look for every opportunity to deliver an experience that is clear, easy, personal, human, empowering and trustworthy. Act with Integrity: We deliver on our promises by being open, honest and humble and by adhering to the letter and spirit of applicable laws, rules, regulations and company policies. Value People: We respect and learn from each other’s diverse backgrounds, experiences and ideas. We engage and develop people to their greatest potential. Work Collaboratively: We work together to achieve results by actively listening, seeking, understanding and creating solutions as a unified team driving toward one company, one culture, one brand. Achieve Results: We focus on winning by exceeding expectations and getting better – everyone, every day. For more information, visit www.massmutual.com or find us on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, YouTube, Google+, Instagram and Pinterest. _MassMutual is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer_ _Minority/Female/Sexual_ _Orientation/Gender Identity/Individual with Disability/Protected Veteran. We welcome all persons to apply._