Overview Inventory Planner The Linde Group, is one of the world leaders in gases, engineering and healthcare. We operate in more than 100 countries across the globe and generated revenue of $20.13B in 2017. But what makes us great is our people, because they make great things happen. Guided by integrity, Linde employees take pride in what they do, because they know it makes a real difference to our customers. They are empowered to turn a challenge into an opportunity to learn and grow. This is how they take the lead, every day. At The Linde Group we identify ourselves with our products – either working for the technical or medical gases business. Being a company with a long tradition in the gases business, we not only care about our customers and high quality products, but most importantly about our employees. While working with us, expect a safe workplace, high safety standards and a true commitment from our managers to safety. Linde is currently seeking an Inventory Planner to join the team in the Houston, Texas area. Purpose of the Position: The Inventory Planner will support all inventory management responsibilities for Linde RAS, including Master Inventory Data Management, inventory forecasting, replenishment, overstock disposition, and lead warehousing improvement projects. Candidate will be required to identify trends and analyze issues, as well as be a wizard in Excel. Most of all, you want to be part of building a best-in-class Material Management team. The position will report to the Head of Material Management. RAS. Responsibilities Material SAP Part Master Data Management, including creating and adding SAP material numbers, associating existing parts to Linde storage locations part numbers to Linde stockrooms Working with the SAP PM team to establish safety stock for Linde RAS locations Forecast, track, and inventory trends Create and execute idle and excess liquidation strategies Collaborate with procurement, the warehouses, other SAP Master Data personnel, other cross-functional teams within Linde as required Analyze inventory trends and opportunities for product reuse Communicate with plants having inventory locations to ensure timely consumption of goods Execute Warehouse consolidation and inventory management improvement plans Qualifications Basic Bachelor degree required - Accounting/Material Supply Chain discipline preferred Minimum of 8 years of Materials Management and/or Supply Chain experience Minimum of 4 years of material planning experience in a multi-site support environment Other Ability to extrapolate meaningful insight from large volumes of data, summarize it and communicate findings in a concise way and able to translate data into actionable information and drive positive results Ability to think objectively, interpret and present meaningful trend observations from quantitative and qualitative data Ability to extrapolate meaningful insight from large volumes of data, summarize it and communicate findings in a concise way and able to translate data into actionable information and drive positive results Financial and business acumen: Ability to evaluate financial and business indicators and translate data into actionable information to improve material management and drive results Have strong problem solving and decision-making ability: Able to solve problems with a sense of urgency to drive effective solutions Systems and technical tools acumen: Possess high level of Microsoft Excel skills (pivot tables and other advanced functions) and have aptitude to learn and create technical applications quickly Communication and relationship building: Able to build constructive and effective relationships with cross-functional partners. Active listener with strong written and oral communication skills Ability to extrapolate meaningful insight from large volumes of data, summarize it and communicate findings in a concise way and able to translate data into actionable information and drive positive results Strong attention to detail, organizational and time management skills Interpersonal skills Part Master Data Management SAP Experience or similar enterprise tool Experience in planning for multiple sites within a large organization Experience with supporting in a 24X7 operations and maintenance environment Experience with Material Supply Chain: procurement, shipping and receiving, inventory management and centralized warehouse support Good understanding of Material Supply Chain Metrics Proficiency in MS Office suite. Advanced/Strong skills in Microsoft Excel (pivot tables, vlookups, hlookups) Good understanding of Master Data and Databases Excellent verbal and written communication skills Experience in process improvement initiatives Willingness to cooperate and accept added responsibilities Team player, with a positive attitude and experience in working in a highly cross-functional organization Linde offers excellent salaries, world-class benefits, and unparalleled opportunities for development – all to create an invigorating and satisfying environment. Join a World Leading Team Today! Apply today @ https://uscareers-lgamericas.icims.com Linde is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE). Company provides equal employment opportunities to all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran or disabled status or any legally recognized status entitled to protection under applicable federal, state, or local laws