YouTube's user base is growing and changing, which presents unique opportunities and challenges to support over a billion monthly users globally. Fast-paced, dynamic and proactive, the YouTube Support team provides seamless, best-in-class help to our creators, advertisers and viewers on all platforms around the world. Our goal is to ensure users have easy access to comprehensive support when and where they need it and to allow our users’ voices to help shape product solutions. As a member of the Support team, you'll analyze top user and creator issues, work with cross-functional teams to resolve them, and help manage support operations. Whether directly engaging with our biggest creators, surfacing problems to our technical teams, driving analytical insights, or liaising with vendors to provide high-touch support, you'll enhance the YouTube global user experience by driving reach, satisfaction, and resolution. As a Program Manager, you'll work on YouTube products to enable support for users and creators across channels. You will produce reporting on operational metrics such as service levels, utilization, scheduling efficiency/line adherence, and shrinkage etc.. Working with Vendor Workforce Manager teams, you will help to ensure alignment on staffing strategies. YouTube has grown into a community used by over 1 billion people across the globe to access information, share video, and shape culture. The YouTube team helps budding creators build careers, creates products like YouTube Kids, YouTube Music, and YouTube Gaming, and engages communities around shared passions and global conversations. Together, we empower the world to create, broadcast, and share. Responsibilities Assist Workforce Manager Leads with reporting needs, producing accurate and efficient reporting on a daily, weekly, and ad-hoc basis on operational metrics using various Workforce Management (WFM) reporting tools, and contribute data and key insights on KPIs as needed. Maintain updated Workforce Management and vendor data. Assist with the administration of Forecasting and Scheduling tools, and troubleshoot and escalate vendor system challenges. Utilize Workforce Manager software and help to ensure that vendors are using tools optimally. Assist vendors with questions and troubleshooting of Workforce Manager software. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Operations, Mathematics, Economics, Cost Analysis or related discipline, or equivalent practical experience 3 years of experience with data analytics or operations analysis. Preferred qualifications: Experience in presenting reports, forecasts, trends and recommendations to multiple teams. Experience in analyzing, interpreting and summarizing complex data. Experience with XML/HTML and SQL. Proficiency with spreadsheet software. Effective written, verbal, and interpersonal communication skills. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.