Job Description At Wells Fargo, we want to satisfy our customers’ financial needs and help them succeed financially. We’re looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where you’ll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience. Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you. Wholesale Banking provides financial solutions to businesses across the United States and globally. Our nine major business lines include Business Banking, Middle Market Banking, Government and Institutional Banking, Corporate Banking, Commercial Real Estate, Financial Institutions Group, Wells Fargo Commercial Capital, Wells Fargo Securities, and the Investment Portfolio. We also have groups in credit risk, group risk, finance, marketing, human relations, and the Wholesale Chief Operating Office that support our businesses. The WRS&I Insights and Reporting team provides BI reporting and analytic support across the various Wholesale LOBs. The team functions as a key central analytic and reporting resource for relationship and sales growth, and provides insight into Wholesale-wide metrics and reporting needs, looking for innovative analytic and BI solutions to support business growth. This team conducts a variety of analyses and reporting such as segmentation, product depth, opportunity identification and sizing, spatial analyses, and predictive and expert modeling. Analyses and reports support strategic growth, marketing, prospecting, attrition, and any other areas where businesses may need analytic/reporting support. Additionally this team supports senior leader presentations and ongoing reporting needs for Wholesale and its lines of business. This BI Analytic Consultant position is dedicated to supporting the Wholesale Customer Excellence team, part of the Wholesale COO, specifically around complaints and voice of the customer workstream. This individual will work in partnership with the Wholesale Customer Excellence stakeholders and multiple Wholesale lines of business to provide BI reporting for Wholesale LOB and Wholesale-wide efforts to understand customer complaints. This role will also partner with other analysts across the Enterprise to continue to drive consistency in analytic and reporting structures, as well as explore new innovative thinking/ideas to be leveraged by the team. As such, the successful candidate will have strong relationship building and communication skills, with the ability to effectively collaborate on projects. They will have an analytic curiosity, a strong desire to dig deeper, and the ability to solve complex problems quickly. Specifically, this individual will: Work with the Wholesale Customer Excellence stakeholders and LOBs to assist in identifying reporting needs, defining business requirements, identifying potential data sources, designing reports to translate business needs into actionable insights. Additionally, partner with internal technology group(s) to build/enhance databases as needed Influence the data platform that will be necessary to support customer complaints reporting Influence and identify long-term metrics and data needs that will enable an enterprise-wide customer excellence practice Assist in aggregating findings across all LOB’s and deliver a Wholesale-wide view in standardized reporting for customer complaints Assist in defining customer excellence management metrics. Assist in identifying key insights from data to inform Customer Excellence partners and stakeholders Assist in incorporating new and leading reporting capabilities to generate greater insights from data through BI reporting Provide consultative support on measurement planning for surveys, customer advisory boards, etc on the front end, analysis and outcome measurement on the back end Provide actionable insights and make recommendations to the line of business based on thought-provoking and sound analytics, both proactively and in response to business partners’ requests Identify and bring visibility to cross-LOB analytic opportunities regarding customer excellence. Apply knowledge of business, customers, and/or products/services/portfolios to synthesize data to 'form a story' and align information to contrast/compare to industry perspective The preferred location for this role is Charlotte, NC, however Minneapolis, MN and Des Moines, IA will also be considered Team members support our focus on building strong customer relationships balanced with a strong risk mitigating and compliance-driven culture which firmly establishes those disciplines as critical to the success of our customers and company. They are accountable for execution of all applicable risk programs (Credit, Market, Financial Crimes, Operational, Regulatory Compliance), which includes effectively following and adhering to applicable Wells Fargo policies and procedures, appropriately fulfilling risk and compliance obligations, timely and effective escalation and remediation of issues, and making sound risk decisions. There is emphasis on proactive monitoring, governance, risk identification and escalation, as well as making sound risk decisions commensurate with the business unit’s risk appetite and all risk and compliance program requirements. Required Qualifications 5+ years of reporting experience, analytics experience, or a combination of both; or a BS/BA degree or higher in a quantitative field such as applied math, statistics, engineering, physics, accounting, finance, economics, econometrics, computer sciences, or business/social and behavioral sciences with a quantitative emphasis and 3+ years of reporting experience, analytics experience, or a combination of both Desired Qualifications Extensive knowledge and understanding of research and analysis Strong analytical skills with high attention to detail and accuracy Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills Other Desired Qualifications Hands on experience with Tableau and other visualization and BI tools, with a keen ability to tell a visual data story. Oracle BI is strongly preferred. Experience with MS SQL and Teradata Creativity to ideate new ways to represent data in graphs/tables/pictures to deliver the best insights Analytical and detail oriented with the ability to prioritize, execute and deliver projects on time Strong desire and ability to creatively solve problems and strong prioritization skills Ability to identify in efficiencies and opportunities to improve the process Diversity champion enabling team collaboration. Leads and influences diverse views to foster problem solving, and delivery of extraordinary work that promotes team success Disclaimer All offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women. Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.