Overview Are you interested in building a world-class data analytics platform and driving actionable business insights to drive our global marketing and product strategy? As our subject matter expert in data and analytics you will have an opportunity to build a best practice playbook in data analytics covering every aspect of our customer journey, drive efficient decision-making and optimization across the company. Primary Responsibilities: Create a vision for the analytics team and educate cross-functional teams on how to leverage data to identify opportunities to increase revenue and performance. Define and implement consistent measurement across all brands and customer touch points. Lead decisions on data infrastructure, platforms, analysis tools and tracking strategy. Collaborate with stakeholders and team members to design and deliver reporting, dashboards, and analysis to solve specific business questions and challenge teams to ask the right questions. Provide decision support based on quantitative analysis, models and data visualization Define A/B testing methodology, decision making frameworks and measurement technology. Collaborate with product and business leaders to automate data collection and dissemination. Perform ad-hoc analysis of multiple, complex, disparate data sets. Analyze and interpret large data sets to research trends in behaviors across various customer touch points; synthesize into conclusions and actionable recommendations. Analyze site performance including traffic trends, conversion paths, product interactions and marketing drivers to improve user experience and drive website KPIs (conversion, RPV, etc) Requirements: Bachelor's degree in a business, math, technical field or related discipline, Master’s preferred 10 years of demonstrated strong analytic, quantitative, and data interpretation skills using large datasets or a relevant technical Master's degree (e.g., data science, economics, statistics). 5 years of experience working with web analytics tools (Google Analytics preferred). Ability to perform self-directed advanced analytics and proficient with SQL queries Experience working with some of the following; Big Data, NoSQL, Hadoop, Hive, PIG, Storm, Kafka, Cassandra, MongoDB, HBase or others with AI and machine learning as a bonus Expert in A/B, and optimization testing methods. Experience running variance analysis, forecasting, and budgeting. Experience in designing and productionizing complex analysis and research projects from scratch. Ability to prioritize and multitask in a dynamic environment with multiple stakeholders. Proven experience managing and building a team. Proven ability to recognize patterns in large data sets. Proven functional proficiency in all MS Office tools. Demonstrated excellent verbal and written communication skills. Demonstrated excellent problem-solving skills and attention to detail. Proven ability to work independently, be self-motivated with a high degree of intellectual curiosity. _The Corel is an equal opportunity employer and will not discriminate against any individual, employee, or application for employment on the basis of race, color, marital status, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, or handicap, as defined by law._