AkzoNobel has a passion for paint. We’re experts in the proud craft of making paints and coatings, setting the standard in color and protection since 1792. Our world class portfolio of brands – including Dulux, International, Sikkens and Interpon – is trusted by customers around the globe. Headquartered in the Netherlands, we operate in over 80 countries and employ around 35,000 talented people who are passionate about delivering the high performance products and services our customers expect. In North America, 4,500 employees work at more than 50 locations to support the Performance Coatings and Specialty Chemicals Business Areas. Consistently ranked as a leader in sustainability, we are dedicated to energizing cities and communities while creating a protected, colorful world where life is improved by what we do. We’re a leading supplier of performance coatings with strong product technologies and brands. Our high-quality products are used by customers across the world to protect and enhance everything from ships, cars, aircraft, yachts and architectural components (structural steel, building products, flooring) to consumer goods (mobile devices, appliances, beverage cans, furniture) and oil and gas facilities. Major brands include Awlgrip, International, Interpon and Sikkens. Main Purpose Advises about specific HSE&S knowledge areas and supports the HSE Business Partner. Specific Tasks Acts as an influential advisor to line management by building and fostering a deep understanding of the theoretical concepts, industry standards and best practices in one or more HSE&S areas. Is an effective coach by leveraging and extending HSE&S knowledge through personal participation in AkzoNobel expert pools for delivery of the Safety Common Platform, HSE&S Faculty learning programs, auditing and/or incident investigation and/or through training activities within the site, as well as through personal functional development. Contributes, together with and in support of line management, to a culture in which HSE&S is at the core of all operations. Spends time engaging with employees and acts as a role model for ensuring compliance with and commitment to the AkzoNobel HSE Policy, Directives, Rules & Procedures, including its risk tolerance criteria. Contributes to the development of the HSE&S strategy for design, deployment and delivery of the AkzoNobel HSE&S Policy, Directives, Rules & Procedures and Safety Common Platform for the entity at SMU/ BA level, in order to ensure alignment of objectives and performance of the site (s). Is familiar and complies with all the applicable corporate as well as site and laboratory policies/procedures with regard to personal conduct, HSE and Product Safety & Regulatory Affairs (PSRA) standards. Vacancy data Organisation Job characteristics Closing date December 31, 2099 Vacancy number 18000331 Continent North America Country United States State/Region/Province Texas Site Houston Business unit Marine & Protective Coatings Job family Health, Safety & Environment Hierarchy level Professional/Experienced/Specialist Full time/part time Full-time Contract type Permanent Job requirements/Candidate profile Bachelor's degree in Safety or Occupational and Environmental Health Sciences or equivalent. 2-3 years of experience; experience in chemical manufacturing and batch processes is desirable. Experience in environmental regulatory compliance is a plus. Fluent English required. Fluent Spanish desirable. Proficient in Microsoft Office. LI-VS1 As a leading coatings and specialty chemical company AkzoNobel is proud to offer a competitive compensation package as well as a comprehensive benefits program designed to support the health, wellness and financial security of our employees and their families. Benefits include group medical, dental and vision coverage, group and supplemental life insurance, 401(k) with company match, tuition reimbursement and much more. Employment at AkzoNobel is contingent upon the successful completion of both pre-employment background checks and drug screening. All candidates hired must be able to provide proper documentation of their eligibility to work in the US. AkzoNobel is an E-Verify Employer. AkzoNobel is an Equal Opportunity Employer -Minorities/Females/Disabled/Veterans (M/F/D/V).