The Network Administrator will be responsible for maintaining our current network systems and keeping our IT Service Desk staff updated on the latest tools and processes. The ideal candidate for this position is certified to work with Juniper networking equipment. Preference will be given to candidates who have experience supporting and troubleshooting a high-uptime network. This position supports all aspects of the Savers network, while focusing on the retail networks. Detailed Description Essential Job Functions: · Completes a daily analysis of network devices for any potential performance, availability, and/or stability issues, and resolve any issues that are discovered. · Provides on-demand support for end user issues relating to network performance and availability. · Acts as the primary escalation point for retail networking issues, working directly with Service Desk, store employees, and external providers to resolve any issues that arise. · Provides training to Service Desk on topics such as basic network troubleshooting and incident management. · Produces and maintains detailed network diagrams, technical process documentation, and troubleshooting guides. · Configures new and replacement network devices from a provided template. · Works and communicates at a technical level with vendors and vendor support services to troubleshoot network issues. · Monitors the network team ticket queue, works any tickets possible, and escalates when necessary. · Assists with network team projects. Job Requirements Required Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: · Working knowledge of enterprise routers, switches, firewalls, and load balancers. Juniper preferred. · Working knowledge of enterprise WLAN networking. · Working knowledge of TCP/IP, Ethernet, and common routing protocols such as BGP or OSPF. · Working knowledge of enterprise authentication methods such as RADIUS, TACACS+, and 802.1x. · Understanding of VPN technologies, common WAN circuits, such as broadband, T1, and MPLS, and their basic troubleshooting. · Understanding of network supporting services such as DNS, DHCP, LLDP. · Ability to create and read technical documentation and network diagrams. · Demonstrated analytical, deductive reasoning and troubleshooting skills. · Demonstrated customer service skills and the ability to interact with personnel at all levels of the organization. · Ability to set priorities, meet deadlines and multi-task with minimal supervision. Desired Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities: · Retail networking and Point-of-Sale Experience · Working knowledge of SD-WAN technologies. · Experience in at least one scripting language or programming language. Additional Details Required Education, Training and Experience: · 2 – 3 years of NOC or Network Administration experience in an enterprise network environment. · Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field OR equivalent experience. · JNCIA or equivalent certification desirable. Additional experience with various network hardware and software is beneficial. Examples include A10, Aerohive, Meraki, and Solarwinds. Physical Requirements: · Ability to occasionally lift up to 30lbs. Tools and Equipment Used: · Laptop and/or Desktop Computer · Network cabling and testing tools · Microsoft Visio · Microsoft Office · SSH Other Information: This position requires participation in a 24x7 on-call rotation. This is a full-time position which occasionally requires working nights or weekends, or more than 40 hours a week to meet department needs. This position requires less than 10% travel. Savers is an Equal Opportunity Employer Savers is an eVerify Company