Cloud and Security Solutions Architect New York, NY Exempt Reports To: Sr. Solutions Architect Company Description Zayo Group Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: ZAYO) provides communications infrastructure solutions, including fiber and bandwidth connectivity, colocation and cloud infrastructure to the world’s leading businesses. Customers include wireless and wireline carriers, media and content companies, cloud providers, finance and professional services and other large enterprises. Zayo provides customers with flexible solutions and self-service through Tranzact, an innovative online platform for managing and purchasing bandwidth. Position Description The Solutions Architect will provide pre-sales engineering support for direct and indirect sales efforts for the Zayo local Sales team. The Solutions Architect will interact with operations and platform engineering teams and disseminate pertinent information to the Sales team for the purpose of enhancing our ability to deliver supportable solutions. This role will transfer acquired technical knowledge to the rest of the Zayo Sales organization and drive increased close rates of large, complex opportunities within the local market to accelerate revenue growth for the company. Responsibilities Gather business and technical requirements from prospective Zayo customers and create supportable solutions that meet those requirements leveraging capabilities within the Zayo solutions portfolio. Create high-quality customer-facing deliverables to convey the optimal design that meets the aforementioned requirements in a way that positions Zayo above competing solutions and drives increased sales. Conduct subject matter training sessions with members of the Zayo sales organization to improve technical understanding of our capabilities. Assist in the creation of competitive market data to ensure Zayo solutions are appropriately priced, and appropriately pitched against competing solutions. Provide consultative guidance to clients and prospective clients on infrastructure related issues. Qualifications High School diploma or equivalent required; 4-year technical degree preferred. Direct experience as a Solutions Engineer/Pre-Sales Engineer for an IT Services company, preferably in the Managed Services/Managed Hosting or Cloud Computing space. 5-7 years’ experience engineering and managing IT infrastructure comprised of enterprise network, server and storage elements, including Virtual (VMWare) environments. Experience sizing data center footprints to meet space, power, and cooling requirements based upon high-level equipment lists. Strong fundamental understanding of the full operating envelope of the following technologies: Microsoft Windows Server Technologies – Windows Server 2008/2012 Hypervisor based virtualization technologies, namely VMWare ESX (vSphere) – (critical) and Microsoft HyperV or Zen (Less critical). Enterprise SAN, NAS and DAS storage subsystems, including presentation fabrics (Fiber Channel, iSCSI, SAS) and various Storage Replication technologies Strong understanding of: Internet Technologies, IP, DNS, Layer 3/Routing, OSI Data Center Technology such as Power distribution, Generators, PDU’s, Cooling technologies Disaster Recovery processes, enabling technologies and DR Solution design. Cloud Computing – Private Cloud Technology, Public Cloud Technology, Cloud computing vendor landscape. Enterprise firewall infrastructure Security functions such as IDS/IPS, VPN/Encryption Load Balancer technologies Experience designing highly available IT infrastructure. Understanding of application technologies such as: MS SQL, MS Exchange, Web Servers such as IIS, MS SharePoint and Linux based applications such as the LAMP stack. Linux based server operating systems. Various WAN standards and technologies (Metro Ethernet, MPLS, Optical, etc.) Intimate knowledge of industry best practices and emerging technologies. Strong written and verbal skills. Strong presentation skills. Rewards Competitive compensation Excellent benefits including health, dental, vision, 401 (k), disability and life insurance Fitness membership discounts Generous paid time off policy including paid parental leave Zayo is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Zayo does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, non-disqualifying physical or mental disability, national origin, veteran status or any other basis covered by appropriate law. All employment is decided on the basis of qualifications, merit, and business need.