Position summary The Bazaarvoice Marketing team is looking for an Analyst to help develop Bazaarvoice’s capabilities in quantitative and qualitative market research. This Analyst will conduct primary and secondary research and analysis in support of Bazaarvoice market/product strategy and thought leadership. Responsibilities: In support of the above objectives, this role will be responsible for the development and maintenance of Market segments and buyer personas within those segments TAM/SAM/penetration by market segment Quantitative and qualitative win/loss analyses Competitive analysis and workup of company profiles, SWOT analyses, competitive positioning and depositioning Regular curation and distribution of market research from sources like NRF, ANA, and eMarketer Partnership with business intelligence teams inside Bazaarvoice to fortify external market research with internal data. Partnership with Marketing and Product teams to translate research and analysis findings into action. Shape/refine GTM and product requirements Development and maintenance of knowledge resources to help make market research and analysis work accessible to the company Requirements: The successful candidate for this role will have the following skills and qualities: 1-3 years’ experience in a business or market analysis function, supporting both quantitative and qualitative research, preferably in a software marketing environment Experience and interest in translating research and analysis into action. The successful candidate must blend analytical capability with practical business acumen. Expertise in performing quantitative analyses, drawing together data from multiple and disparate data sets. Experience in performing market-sizing analysis Familiarity with Salesforce or other CRM system for data extraction, reporting and dashboarding. Ability to build and maintain reports for analyzing, visualizing and publishing data using Tableau or similar BI platform. Data management and manipulation skills with very strong Excel skills, including facility with pivot tables and joining large data sets. Knowledge of statistical analysis a real plus. Knowledge of and interest in digital marketing and SaaS solutions Exceptionally well-organized. Able to manage and execute work to clear timelines, and organize/publish work for easy access to colleagues and stakeholders We want someone who brings energy and passion to their work. About Bazaarvoice Bazaarvoice connects brands and retailers to consumers, so that every shopping experience feels personal. From search and discovery to purchase and advocacy, Bazaarvoice’s solutions reach in-market shoppers, personalize their experiences, and give them the confidence to buy. Each month in the Bazaarvoice Network, more than a billion consumers view and share authentic content including reviews, questions and answers, and social photos across 6,000 brand and retail websites. Across the network, Bazaarvoice captures billions of shopper signals monthly - data that powers high-efficiency digital advertising and personalization with unmatched relevance. Founded in 2005, Bazaarvoice is headquartered in Austin, Texas with offices in North America, Europe, and Australia. For more information, visit www.bazaarvoice.com. Why join Bazaarvoice? We’re committed to client success: There are over 5K brand and retail websites in the Bazaarvoice network. Our clients represent some of the world’s leading companies across a wide range of industries including retail, apparel, automotive, consumer electronics and travel. We’re leaders in consumer-generated content: Each month, more than one-half billion consumers view and share authentic consumer-generated content, such as ratings and reviews, curated photos, social posts and videos, about products in our network. Last year, 135K reviews were submitted each day. Our network delivers: Network analytics provide insights that help marketers and advertisers provide more engaging experiences that drive brand awareness, consideration, sales, and loyalty. We’re a great place to work: We pride ourselves on our unique culture. Join a company that values passion, innovation, authenticity, generosity, respect, teamwork, and performance. Commitment to diversity and inclusion Bazaarvoice provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all team members and applicants according to their experience, talent, and qualifications for the job without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, age, disability, sex (including pregnancy, gender stereotyping, and marital status), sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, military/veteran status, or any other category protected by federal, state, or local law in every location in which the company has facilities. Bazaarvoice believes that diversity and an inclusive company culture are key drivers of creativity, innovation and performance. Furthermore, a diverse workforce and the maintenance of an atmosphere that welcomes versatile perspectives will enhance our ability to fulfill our vision of creating the world’s smartest network of consumers, brands, and retailers.