Digital Workplace, within IT&S;, designs, builds and operates BP’s core IT&S; workplace services. It is responsible for the day-to-day operation of the technology people rely on every day to do their job; these services include; computers, telephones, email, wireless, O365, conferencing; helpdesk support for end-users of services. Digital Workplace also includes the Customer Services team which has a global responsibility for the delivery of consistent integrated IT services at a site level, for the provision of service desk and field service support, the provision of a self- help and tooling capability, all of which are in service of enhancing the customer experience. The Customer Service accountabilities are to manage the delivery of the specific IT infrastructure services to align with global business needs, to ensure integration of the services and projects from a customer perspective and represent the wider IT&S; teams to the business customer. The Technology Associate will work within the Enterprise Productivity & Collaboration team to identify emerging O365 technologies, work with internal and external stakeholders to evaluate product’s feasibility and ultimately develop effective business change strategy to encourage the adoption of approved O365 technologies and products. This role will participate in initiatives working with highly technical people engaged in leading edge technology activities. A high level of drive & influence is required along with business acumen to help achieve adoption of new and existing O365 technologies. The Technology Associate works as part of a well-integrated and supportive team to fulfill Digital Workplace’s mission and is expected to balance a wide variety of projects and activities across BP businesses and IT&S; teams. Key accountabilities Applies technology expertise to enable delivery of a specific emerging technology pilot for the enterprise or with a business unit as part of a business partnership programme. Actively monitors external sources to identify emerging O365 trends, features and productivity solutions for the advancement of the organisation. Clearly articulates, and formally reports potential benefits from both structural and incremental change. Encourages and motivates colleagues to share creative ideas and learn from failures. Works closely with business and IT&S; to identify key challenges that can be addressed through new technology and seeks to solve problems with the help of IT&S;’s ecosystem. Works across Digital Workplace, Strategy & Architecture, vendors, other IT&S; groups and business units to deliver proof of concept projects, first implementations and helps prepare the organisation for further O365 adoption. Builds expertise in one or more O365 technology disciplines and works to inform those around them of the inherent value. Identifies technology trends and drive awareness and adoption across business. Essential Education Bachelor's degree and/or equivalent experience Essential experience and job requirements Awareness of emerging technologies and their potential uses. Awareness of leading edge technology, innovations, products, and solutions and in developing potential IT projects from concept through delivery. Core IT or technical seasoning for the assessment of technologies Ability to rapidly grasp new concepts, achieve a high-level familiarity with new technologies and sense their application; ability to think at the very forefront Ability to translate ideas and concepts into business opportunities and successful technology adoptions Effective presentation and persuasion skills, ability to conduct effective workshops Ability to provide technical clarity and business direction to executive management, programs and projects Strong entrepreneurial drive and curiosity; persistence in following up opportunities Problem solving skills to meet demanding challenges that don’t readily lend themselves to traditional IT solutions. Project management skills, including anticipation and surmounting of technical, vendor, organizational and other challenges. Teamwork skills and willingness to actively help others. Other Requirements (e.g. Travel, Location) There are no additional requirements. Please respond with N/A below. Desirable criteria & qualifications Experience in the IT industry, including in an IT project oversight capacity Experience working with corporate-wide IT applications and IT vendor relationship management. Experience embedding effective organizational business change and technology adoption Understanding of the oil and gas industry and significant experience working in an E&P;, R&M;, IST, or alternative energy context. Relocation available No Travel required Yes - up to 10% Is this a part time position? No About BP We are a global energy business involved in every aspect of the energy system. We have 75,000 employees in 80 countries, working towards delivering light, heat and mobility to millions of people, every day. We are one of the very few companies equipped to solve some of the big complex challenges that matter for the future. We have a real contribution to make to the world's ambition of a low carbon future. Join us, and be part of what we can accomplish together. BP is one of the three largest energy companies in the world, operating in over 100 countries across 6 continents. Information Technology & Services (IT&S;), provides a full range of IT services to BP's global business segments. IT&S; plays a critical role in the delivery of defined world-class operational services that BP businesses can rely upon in support of their own performance. Our specific accountabilities include the delivery of services to specified target levels, including availability, recoverability and cost to the corporation. These services must also be delivered safely and secured against the growing risk of viruses and other security threats. We aim to benchmark our performance favorably against a defined peer group of the world's best and intend to deliver our services with professionalism to rival any major business corporation in the world - this is what we mean by being 'World Class'. To achieve this exciting level of performance will require a commensurate level of enthusiasm, commitment and expertise in our people. Segment Corporate & Functions Closing Date 14-Aug-2018 Disclaimer If you are selected for a position in the United States, your employment will be contingent upon submission to and successful completion of a post- offer/pre-placement drug test (and alcohol screening/medical examination if required by the role) as well as pre-placement verification of the information and qualifications provided during the selection process. The drug screen requires a hair test for which BP must be able to obtain a sufficient hair sample for analysis (~4 cm/1 ½” scalp, or > 2 cm/¾” body – arms & armpits/legs/chest) As part of our dedication to the diversity of our workforce, BP is committed to Equal Employment Opportunity. Applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard for race, color, gender, religion, national origin, disability, veteran status, military status, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any other protected group status. We are also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us or have one of your representatives contact us at BPUSApplicationAssis@bp.com or by telephone at 281.366.1999. Read the Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law poster and the poster supplement - for more information about Equal Employment Opportunities. (Spanish version) BP is an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer. View our policy statement. Eligibility Requirements If you are applying for a position in the United States, you must be at least 18 years of age, legally authorized to work in the United States; and not require sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g., TN, H1B status), now or in the future.