Do you want to be a part of digital marketing transformation? Do you have ability to design a business-wide data architecture? Join Nokia’s Digital Transformation initiative! We are taking Nokia digital marketing technology solutions to the next level! You will be working with highly skilled individuals across the globe. We are looking for YOU , Marketing Data Architect, to take responsibility for the logical and physical design of the data repositories supporting Nokia’s marketing efforts, including those systems which help drive marketing demand, predictive modeling, and marketing performance reporting. Working with both the IT and Marketing Applications teams, this senior data leader has responsibility to oversee overall data architecture strategy, Logical and physical data model design, development, and administration of Digital Marketing Data Platforms which include but not limited to Customer Data Repository (CDR), Advanced Analytics data mart, reporting repositories and Data Management Platform (DMP) Your key responsibilities include: Lead the marketing data integration architecture design, for automation with other sales and marketing transactional systems (SFDC, Marketo, Reporting Platforms) Understand various Marketing performance metrics (ROI, conversion, attribution, etc.) in order to effectively understand business requirements and detail business constraints. Incorporate and translate those requirements into documented data solutions. Work with the Marketing Campaigns & Analytics, IT teams to develop a marketing data road map and implementations that coordinate with their processes and needs Design Master data management and data quality processes, to organize and warehouse data sources and create standards for data integrity, data population, and data accessibility Overcome technical and organizational challenges to collecting & exposing actionable data Create and execute strategies for the collection and integration of third-party data from our partners and vendors, including companies like Facebook, LinkedIn, Big Willow, Tech Target, RainKing, ZoomInfo, Bombora, and HG Data Design on-premise and cloud-based data platforms Oversee the integration, extract, transformation, and loading of marketing data systems. Work with IT to ensure that the data is loaded and managed on a timely basis. Critically evaluate information gathered from multiple sources (including volatile and unstructured data), reconcile conflicts, synthesize high-level information into details, and distinguish user requests from the underlying true needs and prioritize on a road map Nokia is a global leader in the technologies that connect people and things. With state-of-the-art software, hardware and services for any type of network, Nokia is uniquely positioned to help communication service providers, governments, and large enterprises deliver on the promise of 5G, the Cloud and the Internet of Things. Serving customers in over 100 countries, our research scientists and engineers continue to invent and accelerate new technologies that will increasingly transform the way people and things communicate and connect. Nokia is an equal opportunity employer that is commited to diversity and inclusion. At Nokia, employment decisions are made regardless of race, color, national or ethnic origin, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, marital status, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law. We expect you to have: Experience with Data mining, SQL, BigQuery, and NoSQL. Deep understanding and hands on expertise with tools such as SFDC, Microsoft Azure, Microsoft PowerBI, HTML, MRM, Ajax, Marketo, and other data applications. 8+ years’ experience in latest Web-Technologies such as Java-Script, JSON, Ajax, PHP, HTML/CSS Ability to interpret and express requirements and translate them into specifications Experience and training in PowerBI and/or Tableau Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Sciences, Information Systems or related fields. 5+ years’ experience in a data architect role. 1+ years’ experience with Cloud computing (AWS a plus) Solid communications skills - both verbal and written Outstanding attention to detail with superior time and project management skills Passion for data architecture and ability to spot trends and recommend course of actions We offer you an exciting opportunity to join a team working on digital marketing transformation and the opportunity to grow as a professional – every day.