Job Description We are looking for a Product Manager who is excited to work with data scientists, engineers, and business stakeholders to shape our AI-enabled property analytics platform. The ideal candidate thrives in a collaborative, creative environment that moves fast. You want to be at the cutting edge of the newest technology and are comfortable learning new skills. You are passionate about solving complex business problems and you have an opinion about doing things the right way. You are a pacesetter who wants to set the standard; you are organized, self- directed, and committed to innovation. You are hungry to be on the critical path, to lead the discussion, and to have an impact on the world. Think you might be Zesty enough? Interviews are being scheduled now and we'd love to talk to you - apply today. WHAT YOU’LL BE DOING Research, define and prioritize feature development and product roadmap Work with data annotation service providers to deliver best-in-class labels. Great labels = great models and this is a critical part of the role Work with data scientists to establish the right data labeling construct for each product feature Translate business requirements into tractable data science questions and engineering specifications Work closely with data scientists and data engineers as a key member of the model development process Explore and find high-quality, problem-specific data sets for training or validation of machine learning algorithms Iterate rapidly on everything; all of the above happens in a fast paced business driven environment that you must be comfortable with. Qualifications WHAT WE’RE LOOKING FOR 1-3 years of experience as a Product Manager, Management Consultant, or Business Analyst Ability to manage multiple/competing priorities and make the right tradeoffs and timely delivery Strong interest in AI/ML Excitement to be a part of insurtech and propertytech industries. Proficient in SQL Must be legally eligible to work in the U.S. NICE TO HAVE Exposure to machine learning Exposure to the insurance, real estate and risk modeling Experience working with third-party data annotation services Experience or familiarity with geography, geometry, GIS systems and/or working with location data Experience working with imagery data WHAT’S YOUR STYLE An execution machine that loves the speed of a start-up and won’t quit until the job is done with craftsmanship and excellence, whatever it takes A team-player with a good sense of humor and the ability to work on multiple projects under a tight schedule An independent thinker with strong communication skills, excellent ability to analyze and diagnose, good planning and work management skills, and great attention to detail Additional Information WHAT'S IN IT FOR YOU The opportunity to join a fast growing startup that is out to disrupt the insurance and real estate markets Competitive salary Generous early stage equity The coolest office space in Jack London Benefits Our culture is awesome! We hire only exceptional talent and we believe in the power of a great team - everyone carries their weight and gets rewarded for their contributions. We work hard and we play hard and we believe that technology is the most important tool for change in our lifetime. All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.