/Job Responsibilities: Overview – Software Scripting/SCCM Trainee: The System Client Configuration Manager (SCCM) Associate provides operation and technical engineering support for the implementation, testing, integration, and sustainment of SCCM. Candidate will provide application technology and server support in a large-scale Enterprise environment. Responsibilities include the design, deployment, and administration of SCCM. Additional responsibilities include packaging, scripting and automation installs with custom parameters. Daily Activities: Manage and monitor software request and incident queue with in their area of concentration. Proactively remediate problems and suggest corrective action when needed. Evaluate and understand application delivery requirements, keeps the integrity of the scripts according to Software standards, monitors and troubleshoots the script until a successful global deployment. Prefer the candidate to have basic working knowledge of applications including read, write, maintaining user scripts with in scripting technology. Technical/Functional Expertise: Prefer a basic working knowledge in the areas of scripting applications for global delivery using System Center Configuration Manager (SCCM). General knowledge of SCCM as it relates to scripts deployed, strong testing, troubleshooting of application scripts to resolve for business requirements is a plus. Research and suggest changes necessary to deliver high quality scripts to global users. A general working knowledge in the area of Microsoft Windows Products including Win10 and new operating systems to come. Teamwork: Building cooperation among individuals and departments, sharing information and resources, and working to achieve group goals and outcomes. Communication: Listening effectively, transmitting information accurately and understandably, and actively seeking feedback. Be able to communicate status, issues, and impacts, with team, team leadership, relevant client sponsors and process owners. Flexibility: Performing a wide range of tasks, responding to changes in direction and priorities, and accepting new challenges, responsibilities, and assignments. Ownership/Accountability: Taking the initiative in getting the job done and accepting responsibility for personal actions, costs and results. Analytical Skills: Recognizing patterns in data, information, or events, drawing logical conclusions, and making recommendations for action. Attention to Detail: Adherence to standards and actively checking for accuracy of data received or generated before passing it on. Problem Solving/Decision Making: Taking a well-ordered approach to solving problems and acting despite obstacles or resistance. Professionalism: Dealing directly and forthrightly with people, problems, persisting to get the job done, and managing personal responses and stress. Quality Advocate: Championing the quality process by reinforcing the organization's vision, quality values, and quality processes and by fostering the continuous improvement of all operational and business practices. Dependability/Reliability: Following through on commitments, producing timely work to required- or higher- standards, and pitching in to get the job done. Workload efficiency: Must have the ability to work well under time constraints, handle multiple tasks, quickly diagnosis application installation issues and correct as needed. Qualifications Requirements/Qualifications: Skills required for this job are typically acquired through the completion of an undergraduate degree in Electronic Engineering, Computer Science or Management Information Systems and 0 ~ 2+ years IT Application Scripting experience. Preferred Skills: Experience in scripting complex applications similar to software related to Engineering Systems. Experience (0-2 years) using packaging software like PowerShell 2.0, Admin Studio 2015 or other tools to capture & create packages for SCCM delivery. Experience (0-2 years) in application distribution using System Center Configuration Manager (SCCM) 2012/2016. Troubleshooting skills to perform corrective action during acceptance testing in a global environment. Technical writing skills to create documents associated with new processes for scripting applications. Working knowledge and experience using App-V, PowerShell 2.0 & App Toolkit, VB Script, Admin Studio Suite. Working knowledge and experience with Microsoft (MS) Windows server 2012, 2016, Win10 & AD. Ability to obtain and maintain the appropriate DoD security clearance as necessary. Desired Skills: Active Directory Group Policies Working knowledge of Symantec ITMS Microsoft certifications desired Working knowledge and understanding Citrix XenApp Working knowledge of Citrix Receiver B ENEFITS KBR offers a selection of competitive lifestyle benefits which could include a 401K plan with company match, medical, dental, vision, life insurance, AD &D, flexible spending account, disability, paid time off, or flexible work schedule. We support career advancement through professional training and development. _KBR is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, disability, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, national origin, veteran status, genetic information, union status and/or beliefs, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law._ Job - IT Data Systems Primary Location - US-US-TX-Houston