Foundation Medicine began with an idea—to simplify the complex nature of cancer genomics, bringing cutting-edge science and technology to everyday cancer care. Our approach generates insights that help doctors match patients to more treatment options, and helps accelerate the development of new therapies. Foundation Medicine is the culmination of talented people coming together to realize an important vision, and the work we do every day impacts real lives. Position Overview: The Vice President of Technology Platforms will report directly to the Chief Information Officer (CIO) based in Cambridge, MA, and be a key contributor of the technology leadership team. This position will provide mentorship, guidance, and day-to-day leadership to the Technology organization while operating in alignment with corporate strategies and instituting a culture which ensures the team continually stays informed of the latest technologies. Job Description: Responsible for the strategic management of our Cloud, DevOps, Service Delivery, Service Desk, Networking, Data Engineering, and Integration teams. Will effectively collaborate with CIO to oversee effective resource planning and utilization within the team and create a structure for the proper development for all individuals in Technology Operations. The successful candidate will partner with cross-functional teams to deliver impactful solutions to both internal and external customers, and will focus on collaborative wins with an emphasis on iterative value delivery. Leverage experience and strong understanding of Agile delivery frameworks to ensure the Platform Team prioritizes and delivers work in collaboration with other Technology teams. Oversee the management, delivery and support of technology operations in a fast-paced high growth environment. Manage the provisioning, operation, and execution of technical platforms (Cloud, Servers, Storage, Network, Service Desk). Responsible for managing all technical aspects that enable successful building, deploying, and testing of software. Responsible for managing all technical aspects that enable successful building, deploying, and testing of technical design and capabilities of data assets. Managerial and Leadership Functions: Research best practices, establish benchmarks, and use continuous process improvement and process framework disciplines to achieve results Effectively serve as an advocate and change agent for IT to the business on behalf of IT stakeholders Instill deep customer orientation mentality with the ability to focus teams on providing premium service in an efficient and economically pragmatic way Build organizational capacity to develop and innovate, and creatively manage challenges and changes Develop and manage departmental goals and objectives, and disseminate them to the relevant teams and individuals Demonstrate the ability to gain the consensus of colleagues and industry counterparts through the exercise of influence, diplomacy, and persuasion Promote the professional development and educational growth of individual team members and future leaders Institute a culture of motivation, inspiration, and leading teams to achieve goals Required Technical Experience: Minimum of a BS in a technical discipline. Practical, hands-on experience working in two of the following technical domains: Software Development, Network Operations, Database Administration, Hardware Engineering or Maintenance, Software or Systems Support . Must Have experience in either AWS or Azure platform transformation. Must have experience in managing a technical DevOps function (experience with continuous deployment and continuous test). Must have previous experience directing Database Engineering functions including Oracle or SQL server management. Should have previous experience directing software QA test functions. Experience in desktop management and user productivity / collaboration tools. Must have proven understanding of best practices for maintaining data integrity and data security in the cloud. Required Managerial Experience: 15 years in Technology Management is strongly desired. Minimum of 5 years of management experience working in a matrix organization organizing and managing large teams (50+ individuals) is required. Must have a successful track record of tactical execution. Must have a history of providing vision and leadership. Should have demonstrated an exceptional grasp of corporate strategy. Experience working in regulated industry, such as healthcare, financial services, or biotech is strongly desired.