Job Category: Information Technology Department: IT Enterprise Architecture (435) Location: Los Angeles HQ, California, US Position Type: Full Time Requisition ID: 627 Established in 1997, L.A. Care Health Plan is an independent public agency created by the state of California to provide health coverage to low-income Los Angeles County residents. We are the nation’s largest publicly operated health plan. Serving more than 2 million members in five health plans, we make sure our members get the right care at the right place at the right time. Mission: L.A. Care’s mission is to provide access to quality health care for Los Angeles County's vulnerable and low-income communities and residents and to support the safety net required to achieve that purpose. DUTIES The EDW Data Design Engineer is responsible for the design of LA Care's Enterprise Data Warehouse platform, including planning for its long-term evolution. This position defines core EDW data architecture, including ETL processes and logical/physical data models. This position collaborates with the BI and Data Architects to insure that the EDW integrates seamlessly with LA Care's enterprise application and SOA infrastructure, and that it supports the current and future reporting and analytical needs of the business. The EDW Data Design Engineer provides technical and architectural guidance for data-driven projects and for other team members, ensuring that new initiatives optimally support tactical and strategic data-driven management of LA Care. This position collaborates with key business users to identify needs and opportunities for improved data management and delivery; and, provides expert- level technical knowledge and support to the EDW team. This position effectively gathers and communicates business and technical requirements, translating them into appropriate architectures and designs. QUALIFICATIONS AND REQUIREMENTS EDUCATION Required Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field Preferred Master's Degree EXPERIENCE Required Bachelor's Degree: 6-8 years of experience in the design and building of enterprise data warehouses and progressive architectural experience. Has an expert grasp of design patterns such as Inmon, Kimble, Data Vault and Data Lake. Posesses expertize and extensive experience in data analysis and mapping. Excellent understanding of data modeling, SQL and ETL. Experience in multiple database platforms, including SQL Server and Oracle. Experience working with end-users to gather requirements and build technical solutions from concept to implementation. Ability to facilitate meetings and delegate responsibilities. Fully understand enterprise data sources (file transfer, EDI, operational systems, external parties, cloud, etc.) Preferred: Master's Degree: Minimum of 4 years of experience in the design and building of enterprise data warehouses and progressive architectural experience. L.A. Care offer a wide range of benefits including Paid Time Off (PTO) Tuition Reimbursement Retirement Plans Medical, Dental and Vision Wellness Program Job Segment: Medical, Healthcare