This position will support IT related projects for the Dean Foods' Logistics function. Ideal candidate will have a strong understanding of logistics & fleet operations processes and demonstrated experience capturing the needs of the logistics function and developing solutions and recommendations. This position is to be based in Dallas, TX. No relocation assistance is available. Job Description & Requirements Serves as a liaison between the Business Units and the IT organization in order to provide technical solutions to prioritized Business Unit needs. Possesses expertise in the business processes used in the Business Unit(s) they support, as well as an understanding of the IT organization’s systems and capabilities. Heavily involved in business process redesign, standardization and documentation efforts. Helps to determine opportunities to automate and standardize business processes and functions. Translates high level business requirements into functional / technical specifications for the Dean IT organization and manages changes to such specifications. Principle Duties & Responsibilities: Assist in determining opportunities to redesign business processes to achieve better business results Assist in determining opportunities to automate business processes and functions Serve as liaison between Business Unit(s) and IT on projects and enhancements Conduct requirements gathering and translate high level business requirements into functional specifications Create and maintain business process, requirements, and functional specification documentation Support the creation of test plans - especially user acceptance testing Perform testing duties as needed, working with end users and project teams during the design, construction, testing and implementation of modifications to systems Communicate systems and procedural changes to end users through excellent written and oral communications Support the education and training of end users, working to increase end user proficiency and adoption of implemented solutions Understand, communicate and reinforce standard business process concepts and methodology within the IT organization Establish and maintain relationships with key Business Unit personnel Job Requirements: Bachelor's Degree Required (computer science, information systems, business administration or other industry related curriculum) 2+ years of work experience in consumer products or similar industry 2 years or more of work experience in IT (strong Dean Foods internal knowledge may be considered in lieu of this requirement) Strong understanding of one or more Business Units and their business processes Understanding of IT processes and ability to translate and communicate technical concepts into business language Excellent written and verbal communication skills Strong team player with willingness to collaborate Strong analytical and problem solving / decision making skills Food and beverage industry experience Excellent written and oral communication skills Ability to identify, analyze and resolve problems Expertise in setting and managing customer expectations Good time management skills (i.e. setting priorities) Ability to work within a team environment as well as independently Understanding of the Dean Foods IT application landscape and software development life cycle (for internal candidates) Ability to deliver quality results on time Ability to build consensus and buy-in with key stakeholders Ability to think at varying levels, from high-level concepts to low-level detail Ability to travel 25%. EEO Statement Dean Foods considers marijuana (including medical marijuana) to be an illegal drug. Dean Foods will rescind offers of employment to applicants who test positive for marijuana (unless restricted from doing so by state or local law). Dean Foods is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, disability or protected veteran status.