Cognizant Technology Solutions is seeking an Oracle Service Cloud (RightNow) Developer to work in Plano, TX. Oracle Service Cloud Developer will be responsible for functional specification, technical design, implementation and support of Service Cloud Solutions. Required Skill: 8+ years of Total IT experience including 4-5 years in Oracle Service Cloud. Extensive working experience in Agent Desktop, Workspaces & Workflows, CPM, Agent Scripting,. Knowledge Management, Rules, UI customization, Analytics, Custom Objects, ROQL. Knowledge of .Net, Php, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, Relational DB like MS SQL is a must. Experience Oracle RightNow Customer Portal Development, Widget customizations and Add-In Development. Should be Oracle Service Cloud Trained / Certified with understanding of Oracle Service Cloud architecture. Responsible for the functional specification, technical design, implementation and support of Service Cloud Solutions. Experience in Interface Development and CRM Integrations including usability, accessibility testing and validation. Provide guidance and industry best practices around Service Cloud solutions including product configuration, administration of price book, proposal development, and related elements. Architecting/Pre-sales experience on overall Oracle CX products (Oracle Sales Cloud, Service Cloud, Marketing Cloud, CPQ). Preferred Skill: Relevant experience in Field Service and Policy Automation is big plus. Certifications in other Oracle CX suite. Have proven track record of architecting complex Oracle Service Cloud solutions. Manage project delivery across portfolios and industries. Manage multi-location, multi-service line teams. Impart training to junior team members on key Oracle CX technology areas. Bid management, estimation of effort for system configuration, integration and implementation Technical Skills SNo Primary Skill Proficiency Level Rqrd./Dsrd. 1 Oracle Cloud Identity Services PL1 Required 2 Oracle Cloud ICS PL1 Required Domain Skills SNo Primary Skill Proficiency Level Rqrd./Dsrd. 1 After Sales&Serv;(Manlog) NA Required 2 Telematics in Services NA Desired Proficiency Legends Proficiency Level Generic Reference PL1 The associate has basic awareness and comprehension of the skill and is in the process of acquiring this skill through various channels. PL2 The associate possesses working knowledge of the skill, and can actively and independently apply this skill in engagements and projects. PL3 The associate has comprehensive, in-depth and specialized knowledge of the skill. She / he has extensively demonstrated successful application of the skill in engagements or projects. PL4 The associate can function as a subject matter expert for this skill. The associate is capable of analyzing, evaluating and synthesizing solutions using the skill. Job Location : Plano, Texas, United States Employee Status : Full Time Employee Shift : Day Job Travel : No Job Posting : Aug 10 2018 Cognizant US Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran. If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions in the US, please send an email with your request to CareersNA2@cognizant.com About Cognizant Cognizant is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant, a member of the NASDAQ-100, is ranked 195 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us on Twitter: USJobsCognizant. Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.