HomeAway , based in Austin, Texas, is the world leader in vacation rentals with more than 2 million unique places to stay in 190 countries, and is a part of the Expedia, Inc. family of brands. HomeAway offers an extensive selection of vacation rental homes that provide travelers with memorable experiences and benefits, especially more room to relax, for less than the cost of traditional hotel accommodations. The company also makes it easy for vacation rental owners and property managers to advertise their properties and manage bookings online. The Opportunity: We are looking for an experienced technical Product Manager that is passionate about building data & technology platforms that enable great customer experiences. HomeAway is an exciting, international, profitable company that is transforming the market to become the world's leading vacation rental marketplace. We are searching for a Senior Product Manager to lead the experimentation platform & A/B testing tool sets used by all HomeAway product teams around the world to enable best-in-class data-driven product development. As part of the Product Management organization, the Senior Product Manager contributes to the success of the team by driving all phases of product initiatives: setting the strategic vision and product roadmap, collaborating with internal users, researching & defining requirements, analyzing data, and working closely with development to implement, measure, refine and deploy new capabilities. The Senior Product Manager will serve as a testing & analytics expert to establish a product vision, solution roadmap, and an effective engineering partnership to build a scalable test & learn platform for hundreds of users that impacts millions of owners and travelers every single day. Primary Responsibilities: Establish the product vision, goals, roadmap, priorities, and rollout plans for the global experimentation platform & A/B testing toolset, focused on improving testing insights and velocity. Collaborate with product management, analytics, engineering, data science, information systems teams to gather feedback and requirements. Define and lead the creation of new capabilities, such as self-service dashboards, results summarization, test & data quality/consistency checks, tools to speed access to insights. Work closely with engineering to specify feature details, create user stories, drive Agile delivery and UAT. Problem-solve data reliability and accuracy challenges in conjunction with other teams. Establish instrumentation and data collection standards and improvements. Create and deliver training, education and documentation for stakeholders. Benchmark capabilities vs industry leaders and competitors. Explore & deliver new tools and techniques for testing and insights. Candidate Profile: To be considered for the position, you must have demonstrated relevant and current expertise in directing strategy of data analytics tools and processes. Product Managers should be curious about data and passionate about well- designed online products, end user experience, and current and evolving best practices in software development and A/B testing. 5+ years of technical Product Management or data analytics experience. 2+ years of hands on software development experience preferred; alternatively, demonstrated understanding of technology & data architecture for high-volume websites. Demonstrated understanding of how to utilize data across different sources, data normalization, data accuracy, and statistical analysis methods. Expert in data visualization and how to communicate complex data in consumable ways. Proven knowledge of software development methodologies and A/B testing. Experience utilizing web analytics and data analysis to aid business decisions. Experience with data science coding tools such as R is strongly preferred. Travel and e-commerce experience preferred. Ability to manage large, complex, international projects in a fast-paced environment. Excellent communication skills (written and verbal); proven ability to work with cross-functional teams to drive execution against project milestones and deliverables. BS or BA in computer science or a related field. Must be willing to travel up to 10% Internationally. Benefits & Perks: Competitive health and insurance benefits Competitive salary Annual target bonus or commission Paid vacation and sick time Vacation rental on a yearly basis (taxable benefit) Employee Stock Purchase Program Free snacks and beverages Frequent company update talks with our leadership team Free listing on HomeAway.com Electronic, adjustable stand-up desk Discounted Metro & Rail pass Casual dress