About Scoop Scoop brings co-workers and neighbors together to enjoy a smooth carpooling experience—unlocking new opportunities to create friendships, improve their well-being, and make the most of their valuable time. Community Support @ Scoop At Scoop, we bring commuters together in carpools they’ll love by partnering with their employers across the country. While our team member responsibilities are diverse, we are united in our drive to impact quality of life in our communities, and equally driven to invest in each other’s growth. ScoopCare’s mission is to listen to and empower our community of carpoolers by providing timely and welcoming solutions. As we grow, our San Francisco based team is building the operational foundation that allows us to provide an awesome carpooler experience at scale. We embrace the opportunity to solve complex problems everyday and collaborate cross-functionally to continually improve our community’s experience. In this role, you will: Directly engage with our carpoolers by answering complex and high-touch queries as a subject matter expert on our product and policies Create and iterate on customer-facing content including Help Center articles and macros Provide internal support for our growing Tier 1 team Share insights with our UX team to continually drive improvements for our carpooler community You should: Have a Bachelor’s degree and 2-3 years of experience supporting customers or a community Care deeply about continually improving the customer experience and our ScoopCare team’s experience though operational improvements Have a desire to quickly learn and become an expert on all things Scoop Enjoy solving complex problems Have flexibility to take on-call shifts outside of business hours You also: Are curious how things work, hungry to learn, and unafraid to share your point of view Have a strong sense of ownership Are a team-oriented person who enjoys working with awesome people and doesn’t take themselves too seriously Life @ Scoop Founded in 2015 and based in downtown SF, our team mixes technology and elbow grease every day, with one statistic in our crosshairs: 80% of Americans drive alone to work. At Scoop, we envision a world where commuters feel empowered - starting with a choice to make their commute a meaningful part of their day. We embody that same spirit within our own culture, empowering every team member to make this the most meaningful experience of their career. Walk into Scoop and you’ll find a furry, tail-wagging welcoming committee. In many ways these fluffy faces exemplify the energy that flows through our office. They are a reminder that while we’re focused and driven, we shouldn’t take ourselves too seriously. They also help bridge the gap between our homes and our workplace, just like a Scoop carpool. The atmosphere overall is dynamic and unique. It’s influenced by our backgrounds at successful startups, big tech companies, and premier consulting firms - blended and crafted into what feels natural and right for this company. It plays out in our balance of scrappy and strategic, frameworks and fast thinking. At Scoop, we’re all united by our desire to change the way people get to work - and committed to enjoying the journey together along the way.