About Us: At the new General Motors, we are passionate about designing, building and selling the world’s best vehicles. This vision unites us as a team each and every day and is the hallmark of our customer-driven culture. Making the world’s best vehicle scan only happen with the world’s greatest employees. GM is in the process of reinventing our industry with innovative products like the Chevy Volt and OnStar. Our 202,000 employees work in 158 facilities touching six continents, they speak more than 50 languages and touch 23 time zones. From designing and engineering state-of-the-art plants and developing new vehicles and technologies to creating new marketing programs, our team members are valued for their unique contributions. We are seeking individuals who are looking to make a difference in one of the world’s most iconic companies. Job Description: Coordinates work share with other regional partners relative to creation and development of dimensional reports using Siemens Dimensional Planning & Validation (DPV) software to present user-friendly data information for CMM, vision, handheld, and scanning inspection routines to support dimensional activities during launch of new vehicle programs and steady state Provides technical assistance and training for other engineers and plant operators relative to use of DPV software/analysis tools, Global Dimensional Information System (GDIS), and General Motors business process and standards for flowing dimensional data and creation of various standard web based dimensional reports. Directs the development and/or improvements of business tools and processes relative to DPV and business processes to support dimensional data flow and report creation. Regular contact and collaboration with others outside the immediate work group Works closely with Launch team, Plant personnel, and suppliers to ensure timely completion of projects Scope, Develop and Write Test cases for an international audience Monitor manufacturing dimensional data flow for plants assigned, troubleshoot and resolve data flow issues. Monitor, prioritize and respond to Plant Requests for updates, corrections, new data flow routines & create reports for the web. Support global Teamcenter and DPV software testing events (Coordination with IT, Development and international business teams alike) Required Skills and Abilities: Must be self-motivated,able to manage workload and competing responsibilities to support customerrequests both during Launch and Steady State with minimal supervision anddirection. Knowledge in SiemensDPV Reporting and Analysis toolset (Teamcenter DPV concepts, Factorylink, SSRS,TCC) – Advanced->SME Level Knowledge in SiemensTeamcenter Manufacturing Process Planner and Teamcenter Visualization (DPVReporting and Analysis, VisPublish a must) – Intermediate Level Practical understandingof how GD&T Concepts are applied within a body manufacturing environment –Intermediate Level Knowledgeof tooling and manufacturing processes – Intermediate Level Strong interpersonalskills involving ability to work effectively cross- functionally andcross-culturally Ability to work wellwith and lead International teams, representing the voice of these teams tomanagement and other global teams. Exhibit strong teamwork skills. Ability to write,modify, and support existing MS Excel VBA code - Intermediate Level Knowledge in MSOutlook, Word, and PowerPoint – Intermediate level Strong written and oralcommunication skills necessary for meetings and presentations Ability to trainseveral colleagues in a classroom setting Ability to develop andwrite technical training material Partners with technicalcustomers and senior management to analyze and solve issues Ability to multitask byhandling diverse assignments concurrently Position relatedexperience – 1-3 years Relevant auto industryexperience required – 3-5 years Past GM work experiencepreferred – 3-5 years EducationalExperience: Associates degree or equivalent experience