Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; Austin, TX, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA Google's known for our innovative technologies, products and services - and for the people behind them. As part of our world-class recruiting team, you're charged with finding the most interesting candidates who bring an entrepreneurial spirit, a sense of scrappiness and a diversity of thought to all they do. You're responsible for guiding candidates through our hiring process and connecting them to the magic of working at Google. You are creative and driven, with an interpersonal savvy that allows you to develop lasting relationships with both candidates and hiring managers. You're also comfortable with numbers and drawing insights from analytics to make our hiring process smarter and more efficient. Great just isn't good enough for our People Operations team (you probably know us better as "Human Resources"). Made up of equal parts HR professionals, former consultants and analysts, we're the champions of Google's colorful culture. In People Ops, we "find them, grow them, and keep them" - we bring the world's most innovative people to Google and provide the programs that help them thrive. Whether recruiting the next great Googler, refining our core programs, developing talent or simply looking for ways to inject some more fun into the lives of our Googlers, we bring a data-driven approach that is reinventing the human resources field. Responsibilities Create and implement a staffing business strategy that will be the framework for achieving an annual hiring plan that emphasizes quality and diversity of hires, process efficiency, and strong client management and candidate satisfaction. Partner with staffing lead to help shape the direction of our diversity programmatic strategy by launching innovations, surfacing trends, and driving impactful initiatives. Communicate effectively with Google's creative leaders, hiring managers and interview teams. Share and exchange information with all levels of management. Manage candidates through Google's multi-faceted hiring process, maintaining a focus on excellent candidate and client experience throughout the process. Propose and implement ongoing improvements to Google’s recruitment efforts. Evaluate skill level, conduct efficient and professional interview process, and drive offer process, including reference checks, salary recommendations and negotiations, and closing of candidates. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: 5 years of creative recruiting experience in a corporate or agency environment. Experience in recruiting creative individuals such as Creative Directors, Design Managers, UX Designers, Producers, Program Managers, Agency Relations, Events Managers and more. Preferred qualifications: Bachelor's degree. Demonstrated experience and passion in the diversity, equity and inclusion hiring space. Extensive and established relationships within the advertising and design communities. An excellent sense of what makes a great portfolio. Impeccable partnership skills. Responsive, action oriented and flexible to rapidly changing priorities with an emphasis on tact and diplomacy. Teamwork skills and the ability to grasp new technologies. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills and a proven ability to take initiative and build strong, productive relationships. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.