The Manager -- Network & Infrastructure is the lead infrastructure technology position within Potbelly. This role will architect, design, plan, organize, and implement enterprise wide, scalable technologies to support overall operations and ensure the stable operation of the company's IT computing, storage, network and telecommunications technology platforms. This role will maintain and establish enterprise-wide standard platforms and services supporting servers, storage, desktops, data networks, voice networks, and security. This role requires a high-energy, results-oriented leader with robust infrastructure experience and a proven track record for success in delivering high performance, continuous improvement, and customer satisfaction. While this is a hands on technical role, you will also need to be able to develop and lead technical teams, build and manage budgets, and deliver projects on time and on budget. Technology Responsibilities and Skills Maintain existing and design and implement all infrastructure systems solutions and technologies including, but not limited to, LANs, WANs, Internet connectivity, intranet, security, wired and wireless connectivity. Plan and deploy infrastructure security measures. Provides 2nd and 3rd level support to the IT Support Help Desk and the Support Center. Owns the disaster recovery and business continuity solution and process. Owns the corporate infrastructure solutions including, but not limited to, laptops, desktops, telephony, printers and scanners, A/V equipment and solutions, switches, routers, firewalls and storage solutions. Responsible for all Support Center infrastructure. Responsible for supporting remote location infrastructure technologies including shops and regional offices Provide proactive solutions to monitor and maintain the health of the network and all storage and server devices connected to the network and provides reports demonstrating healthy performance on a regular basis. Manages, monitors and maintains connectivity to all shops. Responsible for meeting all SLAs both internally and to shops. Provides analytical skills to resolve problems and prevent problems. Determines root causes through investigation and takes action to resolve current and prevent future issues. Owns and manages software licensing for Support Center and Remote Users. Owns and manages IT Infrastructure and production system controls. Administrative Responsibilities and Skills Design and implement short and long-term strategic plans to ensure infrastructure capacity meets existing and future requirements using contemporary technologies. Develop, implement, and maintain policies, procedures, and training plans for infrastructure administration and project management. Owns and manages IT partnership with infrastructure vendors and outsourced service providers. Partners in the development of IT strategies in collaboration with business leaders and technology peers. Research and recommend products, services, protocols, and standards for all infrastructure procurement. Manage and negotiate with vendors and contractors to secure infrastructure-specific products and services. Directly manage, coach and develop network administrators and engineers. Responsible for documenting systems and cross-training supervised staff to mitigate single-points-of-failure and ensure business continuity. Owns the desktop/laptop and remote user strategy including standard images, hardware lifecycle and roadmaps for upgrades and replacements. Owns implementation and management of standard IT processes with primary responsibility for: User Add / Change / Delete Process Production Change Management Log Monitoring Process Backup / Restore Process Other duties as assigned. Experience, Education and Behaviors Must represent The Potbelly Advantage and Our Values. Four year university degree or college diploma in the field of Computer Science. Minimum of 7 years relevant experience required. 5+ years' experience in IT with direct experience configuring, supporting, and maintaining network infrastructure components with a major focus on any of the following: LANs and WANs, Remote Access, Network Management Systems, SANS, and Firewall/Router/Switch configuration and maintenance. Experience with Cisco/Meraki Managed switch tools 3 years of experience in design and implement short- and long-term strategic plans to ensure infrastructure capacity meets existing and future requirements using contemporary technologies that may exist local and external. Experience with Fortinet SEIM and Router technology. Experience with Distributed Enterprise Solutions. Experience with Cloud Datacenter Environments, Managed Networks and Security Protocols ties to PCI and SOX Compliance. Direct or equivalent product type experience with Symantec Backup Exec, Microsoft Exchange, Microsoft IIS, Microsoft Office Suite, Microsoft SharePoint, Microsoft SQL, and Symantec Antivirus Solid experience with a broad spectrum of technologies including servers, storage systems, network, backup/archive, integration systems, high availability, infrastructure as a service, collaboration/communication and data security systems Preferred knowledge of desktop management suites, financial applications, phone systems with and without VoIP, Sarbanes Oxley, and PCI best practices Hands-on experience in deploying and managing business application systems and infrastructure systems. Knowledge of current technology protocols and standards, including familiarity with ITIL concepts. Familiarity with programming languages and development tools. Exceptional interpersonal skills are essential, along with the ability to interact with all levels of a company. Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled