To monitor, report, and identify trends and patterns for provider networks as well as trends in department staff activity. Information will be used to project, monitor and strategize recruitment efforts, and to maintain and support network management efforts according to required access standards. PRIMARY JOB RESPONSIBILITIES: Produces and analyzes ad-hoc reports to support the informational and data needs for Provider Network Management as it relates to provider networks, provider participation, network management, access standards, fee schedule comparisons, utilization data, and confidential data regarding department staff activity. Creates dashboard reports summarizing the size and scope of provider networks and baseline utilization metrics for dental offices. Provides provider relations representatives with tools (e.g. spreadsheets, dashboards) to assist them with provider outreach and network maintenance efforts. Leverages advanced statistical/data analytic techniques (e.g. machine learning prediction) to support network maintenance efforts. Analyzes, compares and produces reports that provide competitive network information. Coordinates sharing of provider data and communicates consistently with Provider Management staff and other departments as necessary, to ensure efficient, timely and accurate flow of information. Performs all necessary functions consistent with company policies, including, but not limited to, oversight & submission of monthly, quarterly, and annual trending and summary reports. Facilitates training of new Network Reporting Specialists. Implements global reporting changes and enhancements. Coordinates annual updates to the Delta Dental of MA table group fee schedules. Other duties as assigned. Required Skills PC skills: Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel - Advanced level, GEO Analytic Software – Advanced level, Tableau , R (or similar statistical software), Microsoft Access or other database experience. Proven solid analytical skills. Proven discretion in handling confidential data. Demonstrated ability to anticipate, conceive and prepare comprehensive, detailed data analyses. Excellent verbal, written, interpersonal, organizational and communication skills. Ability to work with a minimal amount of supervision. Strong critical thinking attributes with ability to reprioritize workload or escalate issues as needed with minimal intervention. Ability to multi-task, coordinating several projects simultaneously and with tight deadlines. Required Experience Bachelor’s degree in Business, Finance, Information Systems or related field, preferred A minimum of three years business experience. Proven ability to provide consultative services to meet customer needs proactively, using management reports and trend analyses. Dental practice management or equivalent experience Experience in Visual Basic and Adobe Proven ability to learn, analyze, master, and train new hires on new computer systems and applications with minimal instruction. PHYSICAL DEMANDS: Ability to use basic office equipment and communicate via phone, computer technology, and via written and verbal channels. Ability to communicate in an active office environment, including moderate voice levels and interruptions, which may challenge hearing and concentration. Ability to sit for extended periods of time. _The specific statements shown in each section of this description are not intended to be all-inclusive. They represent typical elements and criteria necessary to successfully perform this position._ _ In accordance with DentaQuest’s Compliance Plan, employee must conduct DQ business in accordance with applicable laws, regulations, professional standards and ethical standards and report potential compliance or ethical issues to manager or DQ’s Compliance Officer. _ _DentaQuest’s Affirmative Action Program affirms our commitment to make reasonable accommodation to the known physical or mental limitation of otherwise-qualified individuals with disabilities or special disabled veterans, unless the accommodation would impose an undue hardship on the operation of our business. Please see Human Resources for additional information regarding this Program._