Job Information Job Summary: The University of Chicago Crime Lab team is seeking a Data Scientist to work directly with the Chicago Police Department Bureau of Technical Services. Under the supervision of the Chief of Technology, the data scientist will utilize terabytes of structured data and contribute directly to statistical methodology and technology that enable the department to better understand crime and outcomes of interventions. This role will also help support localized crime analysis being done in the Department’s highest crime districts through the Strategic Decision Support Centers (SDSC). See below for more information on the SDSC initiative: https://urbanlabs.uchicago.edu/projects/strategic-decision-support-centers Responsibilities: Become a go-to source of knowledge for CPD’s vast database of information, with the ability to quickly identify potential data sources for projects. Contributes to the design and implementation of an efficient and reproducible data processing pipeline. Builds and rigorously evaluates statistical models using best practices of machine learning and statistical inference. Prepares project memos, summaries, presentations, reports, and other work products for dissemination targeting both policymakers, academic researchers, and other stakeholders, as needed. Competencies: Advanced knowledge of computer science techniques. Strong interpersonal skills required. Strong initiative and a resourceful approach to problem solving and learning required. Ability to work independently and as part of a team in a fast-paced environment required. Expert database skills. Proficiency in R and/or Python. Strong attention to detail with superb analytical and organization skills required. Excellent written and verbal communication skills, with the ability to present data in a simple and straightforward way for non-technical audiences required. Additional Requirements Education, Experience or Competencies: Education: Bachelor's or Master's degree in computer science, statistics, data science, economics or a closely related field required. Experience: Minimum 2 years related work experience required (experience gained in school counts towards requirement). Experience working with data to guide decision-making in public policy preferred. Experience working with large and complex datasets strongly preferred. Technical Knowledge or Skills: Proficiency with statistical data analysis and machine learning using Python or R is required. The ability to work in both is preferred. Bonus Points for prior analytical application development experience in Flask, Django, or R Shiny. Required Documents: Resume Cover letter: The University of Chicago Urban Labs is committed to fostering a diverse, equitable, and inclusive environment for our staff and partners and we encourage applications from individuals whose backgrounds or interests align with this commitment. In your cover letter, please describe your perspective and experiences on diversity or evidence of how you have come to understand the barriers faced by historically and currently marginalized groups. Unofficial transcripts A sample of data work, such as a final report for a class project, link to a GitHub repo, or blog post NOTE: When applying, all required documents MUST be uploaded under the Resume/CV section of the application. Benefit Eligibility Yes Pay Frequency Monthly Pay Range Depends on Qualification Scheduled Weekly Hours 37.5 Union Non-Union Job is Exempt? Yes Drug Test Required? No Does this position require incumbent to operate a vehicle on the job? No Health Screen Required? No Posting Date 2018-06-18-07:00 Remove from Posting On or Before 2018-12-18-08:00