Qualifications Minimum Qualifications: Accredited Bachelor’s degree in landscape architecture and four years of experience in project design and implementation (or equivalent combination of education and experience); proficiency with AutoCAD, ArcMap, Adobe Creative Suite, and Microsoft Office software Preferred: Six years of experience in site/landscape project design and implementation and professional registration as a landscape architect. About the Job This position reports to the Campus Landscape Architect. Work is limited to the Twin Cities campus. Primary responsibilities: Landcare is an operations unit within Facilities Management, responsible for campus design and maintenance. This position designs landscaping projects; manages landscape project installations; coordinates campus mitigation and restoration activities related to construction; manages campus assets; directs daily activities of student assistants. Designs landscaping projects – 35%: Collaborates with customers and stakeholders to establish scope, schedule and budget expectations Creates and presents conceptual designs, drawings and illustrations Develops detailed landscape and irrigation system designs from conceptual design documents Prepares plans, specifications, materials schedules and quantity take-offs for project installations Generates detailed cost estimates and project budgets Negotiates with customers regarding budget and design intent when appropriate Designs and coordinates seasonal and event-related planting initiatives for Eastcliff Manages landscape project installations – 25%: Schedules labor and equipment resources and vendors activities to achieve project deadlines Solicits price quotes and competitive bids from vendors Purchases materials and coordinates delivery for project installations Provides direction in the field when necessary Inspects work to ensure compliance with design intent and University standards Manages project budgets Coordinates campus mitigation and restoration activities related to construction – 20%: Collaborates with project teams to establish campus protection expectations and procedures Oversees inspection of project sites to enforce campus protection procedures Negotiates w/ project managers, contractors, customers regarding restoration fees Coordinates site restoration services including scheduling and directing staff and vendor activities Inspects site restoration work to ensure compliance with University standards Coordinates invoicing for services and ensures application of departmental accounting procedures Manages campus assets – 10%: Collects and processes field data for landscape layers in campus GIS Directs mapping activities necessary for maintenance operations Coordinates scheduling and space utilization of Como nursery area Coordinates yearly plant replacement initiative Manages outdoor furniture maintenance program Directs daily activities of student assistants – 10%: Implements student training Prioritizes and schedules student tasks Oversees student work How To Apply Applications must be submitted online. To be considered for this position, please click the Apply button and follow the instructions. You will be given the opportunity to complete an online application for the position and attach a cover letter and resume. Additional documents may be attached after application by accessing your "My Activities" page and uploading documents there. To request an accommodation during the application process, please e-mail employ@umn.edu or call (612) 624-UOHR (8647). Diversity The University recognizes and values the importance of diversity and inclusion in enriching the employment experience of its employees and in supporting the academic mission. The University is committed to attracting and retaining employees with varying identities and backgrounds. The University of Minnesota provides equal access to and opportunity in its programs, facilities, and employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, gender, age, marital status, disability, public assistance status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or gender expression. To learn more about diversity at the U: http://diversity.umn.edu. Background Check Information Any offer of employment is contingent upon the successful completion of a background check. Our presumption is that prospective employees are eligible to work here. Criminal convictions do not automatically disqualify finalists from employment. About the U of M The University of Minnesota, Twin Cities (UMTC) The University of Minnesota, Twin Cities (UMTC), is among the largest public research universities in the country, offering undergraduate, graduate, and professional students a multitude of opportunities for study and research. Located at the heart of one of the nation's most vibrant, diverse metropolitan communities, students on the campuses in Minneapolis and St. Paul benefit from extensive partnerships with world-renowned health centers, international corporations, government agencies, and arts, nonprofit, and public service organizations.