Meet Marx|Okubo. Are you someone that has insatiable curiosity, always digging deeper to understand or innovate? Do you thrive when collaborating with others? Founded over 35 years ago, Marx|Okubo is an employee-owned architecture, engineering and construction consulting firm with nine offices across the country. We work with real estate owners, investors and lenders—at every point of the property lifecycle—to evaluate their building projects, solve complex challenges and implement tailored solutions. We help clients understand their projects’ complexities so they can make more informed decisions and, ultimately, mitigate their risk. Because of our need to uncover details with a 360-view, as well as continually evolve and hold ourselves—and the industry—to a higher standard, we have earned a reputation as “the gold standard” in what we do. Here at Marx|Okubo, we are a team of collaborative, bright and seasoned architects, engineers, construction and real estate professionals, with projects nationwide. We have broad technical expertise, yet deep local knowledge. We value collaboration, and we never stop learning. We truly value our different backgrounds and what each individual brings to the team. We genuinely care about and get to know our clients. And we care about balance—we are family-focused and work hard and play hard. As for loyalty, it is never lost on us and gets rewarded in many ways. What’s more? Our benefits happen to be some of the most progressive and competitive you will find in the industry. Here are a few highlights: Vested in you : As we are an ESOP, each employee owns a portion of the company. Planning for your future : We have a 30% match on 401(k) contributions. Staying healthy : We contribute 100% of employee health premiums. Commitment to your growth : We want to see our employees grow—when new positions arise, existing employees are considered first. Supporting education : We encourage continuing education and provide education/licensure/ tuition benefits. Position description An associate is a licensed architect, engineer or construction manager, and is responsible for understanding all aspects of the project being reviewed relative to its scope and client requirements. Act as technical team member and small project lead. Collaborate with the client, internal team, consultants and site contact; ultimately be responsible for an overall understanding of their project. Review and analyze building construction and condition. Review and analyze contract documents including drawings, specifications, contracts and budgets. Perform construction monitoring and property condition assessments. Preparation of formal reports. Our work covers most commercial building types, including office, retail, industrial, hotel/hospitality and multifamily. Desired skills and experience Bachelor’s degree in architecture, civil engineering, construction management or related field is required. Minimum 5 years of industry-related experience at an architecture, engineering or construction company. Technical level of understanding of most building types in order to perform services of the organization with limited supervision. Good understanding of construction processes and activities. Construction administration experience. Solid understanding of building materials and methods. Ability to work under deadlines in a fast-paced environment. Solid understanding of the technical aspects of building enclosures, structures, and systems. Knowledge of construction contract types and forms. Proficient in Microsoft Office, particularly Word and Excel. Proficient in AutoCAD, Bluebeam, Plan Grid and Box. Strong organizational skills. Strong verbal and written communication skills. To apply, please submit your resume on our Career Center. Copy and paste this URL https://workforcenow.adp.com/jobs/apply/posting.html?client=marxokubo &ccId;=19000101_000001&type;=JS〈=en_US