DEPARTMENT OF REVENUE The Department of Revenue’s mission is serving taxpayers. Our vision is funding Arizona’s future through excellence in innovation, customer service and continuous improvement. Visit our website at www.azdor.gov Senior Information Security Analyst Support WE ENCOURAGE YOU TO APPLY TODAY!! All Arizona state employees operate within the Arizona Management System (AMS), an intentional, results-driven approach for doing the work of state government whereby every employee reflects on performance, reduces waste, and commits to continuous improvement with sustainable progress. Through AMS, every state employee seeks to understand customer needs, identify problems, improve processes, and measure results. State employees are highly engaged, collaborative and embrace a culture of public service. If you have a passion for continuous improvement and making a difference in the State of Arizona, we encourage you to apply today! Apply By: Position Will Remain Open Until Business Needs are Met. JOB SUMMARY We are seeking a Senior Information Security Analyst who will be the first line of defense in identifying and responding to information security events that affect the Department of Revenue. This position will conduct daily analysis of system event logs and network traffic to detect anomalies and identify potential security incidents. This position will also work with engineers to identify gaps in existing security controls and collaborate to recommend improvements and corrections. Example of the duties and requirements include: Conduct daily traffic analysis in order to identify and categorize events and incidents. Conduct initial response of information security events and incidents including escalation to engineering teams as necessary. Collaborate with engineers to address security control gaps and recommend improvements to deployed security controls. Conduct vulnerability assessments and assist with remediation efforts. Create and/or assist in creating documentation. Identify and share relevant information security news and trends. This position will assist in the development of a structured approach in identifying and eliminating non-value added process steps division wide and make recommendations to integrate lean methods into the overall continuous improvement strategy of the division. QUALIFICATIONS Ideal candidate will have a bachelor’s degree plus 3 or more years of experience in information security analysis or equivalent experience. Security+, GIAC Security Essentials (GSEC), System Security Certified Practitioner (SSCP) or equivalent preferred. Experience with Lean management or Six Sigma process improvement methodologies a plus. BENEFITS The State of Arizona provides an excellent comprehensive benefits package including: Affordable medical, dental, life, and short-term disability insurance plans Top-ranked retirement and long-term disability plans Accrued vacation pay and sick days 10 paid holidays per year Deferred compensation plan Credit union membership Wellness plans PRE-EMPLOYMENT REQUIREMENTS Selected candidate will be required to: Undergo a criminal history investigation. Tax filing records will be checked prior to job offer. All newly hired employees will be subject to E-Verify Employment Eligibility Verification program. Arizona Department of Revenue offers employees a positive, results-oriented work environment that promotes continuous training and development. Arizona State Government is an EOE/ADA Reasonable Accommodation Employer. _Having trouble applying for this position?_ _Email_ _[email protected]_ _or call 602-542-4700 for assistance._