Bellevue,Washington,United States BAUSP4 Boeing is seeking an experienced Middleware / Database Administrator (Level 4) to join our Data Solutions Strategy Technology & Tools team. This position is located in Bellevue, Washington. Job Responsibilities: Designs, builds, patches and supports production and test environments for Fusion Middleware technology stack. Resolve internet architectural and operational problems impacting infrastructure and product stability, availability and performance. Perform problem diagnosis; performance tuning; capacity planning and configuration management Explore Integration of Oracle Database and Microsoft Active Directory for authentication & authorization without using Oracle Internet Directory Boeing is the world's largest aerospace company and leading manufacturer of commercial airplanes and defense, space and security systems. We are engineers and technicians. Skilled scientists and thinkers. Bold innovators and dreamers. Join us, and you can build something better for yourself, for our customers and for the world. Work Authorization Requirements: This position must meet Export Control compliance requirements, therefore a “US Person” as defined by 22 C.F.R. § 120.15 is required. “US Person” includes US Citizen, lawful permanent resident, refugee, or asylee. Basic Qualifications (Required Skills/Experience): More than 5 years of experience in internet fundamentals related to web servers, internet security and other internet technologies Experience with Web Logic 11g and 12c versions Experience in middleware (Oracle Fusion Middleware technology stack) and F5 load balancers Experience performing problem diagnosis; performance tuning; capacity planning and configuration management Preferred Qualifications (Desired Skills/Experience): Experience with an LDAP browser such as Oracle Directory Services Manager (ODSM) Experience with Oracle Internet Directory (OID) Oracle Access Manager (OAM) Experience in a self-directed role and driving results Experience with Cold Fusion Typical Education / Experience: Technical bachelor's degree and typically 9 or more years' related work experience or a Master's degree with typically 7 or more years' or a PhD degree with typically 4 or more years' related work experience or an equivalent combination of education and experience. A technical degree is defined as any four year degree, or greater, in a mathematic, scientific or information technology field of study. Yes, 10 % of the Time CIO, Information & Analytics Individual Contributor No No Standard United States; The Boeing Company