We are AAM. We have the POWER to move the world. At AAM, we're looking for associates who push boundaries and drive solutions for the future. Innovators. Thinkers. Dreamers. Doers. No matter the role or function, every associate is a piece of what makes AAM great. We’re growing and building TeamAAM to be the best. Join us! Storage Architect The Storage Architect will serve as the Lead Storage Administrator in the design, implementation, and management of the storage environment. The responsibility of the Infrastructure Architecture is to provide technical leadership in order to drive architectural maturity of the organization and enable the delivery of technology solutions This role is responsible for contributing to the architecture framework and contributing to the IT vision and strategy This role will insure that architecture decisions get made in alignment with architecture and solution review boards by participating in these boards and contributing architectural and standards related content Responsible for creating infrastructure standards and patterns Responsible for contributing to technology lifecycle management policies and standards Responsible for contributing to key technology policies including, but not limited to, data governance, backup, and recovery Responsible for contributing to cloud strategy and cloud enablement Responsible for contributing to data center strategy Responsible for contributing to infrastructure automation direction Responsible for contributing to the Service Level framework and in insuring infrastructure alignment with this framework Responsible for engineering infrastructure solutions in alignment with standards and patterns Responsible for meeting project milestones to insure program and project objectives are met in a timely manner. Works with IT Infrastructure Operations to insure solutions are built with operational supportability and SLAs factored in Possesses an understanding of business strategies and application strategies and aligns infrastructure and engineering strategies accordingly Extensive knowledge of SAN/NAS architecture is essential. Primary responsibilities will be to drive storage strategies and recommend industry best practices for storage solutions, provide proactive storage forecasting, design and deploy effective storage solutions, research new and emerging technologies In depth knowledge of storage concepts and architecture Strong understanding of EMC storage solution Comprehensive understanding of IT processes and best practices relative to backup and recovery A bout American Axle & Manufacturing _For over 20 years, customers around the world have entrusted AAM to design, engineer, validate and manufacture driveline, metal forming, powertrain, and casting technologies for automotive, commercial and industrial markets. Today, we are a premier global Tier 1 automotive supplier with broad capabilities across multiple product lines to deliver efficient, powerful and innovative solutions for our customers. We’ve earned the trust of our suppliers and our customers through our steadfast commitments to quality, operational excellence and technology leadership._ _AAM delivers power. We deliver power literally through vehicle components, systems and innovation, but we also deliver power in ways unseen. We power our associates, their families, and the communities in which we operate. Our global team of over 25,000 associates has a clear vision of where AAM is going and how we are going to get there. After all, they are the reason we are a leader in the automotive industry. We are powering the future._ _We are AAM. Move with us, and join TeamAAM._ AAM will not discriminate against any Associate or applicant for employment because of age, race, color, gender, religion, weight, height, marital status, sexual orientation, genetic history or information, gender identity or expression, disability, protected veteran status, national origin, or other characteristic protected by law. AAM will take affirmative action to ensure that applicants are employed, and that Associates are treated equally during employment, without regard to their age, race, color, gender, religion, weight, height, marital status, sexual orientation, genetic history or information, gender identity or expression, disability, protected veteran status, national origin, or other characteristic protected by law. For the Disabled Job Seeker: We offer reasonable accommodations for qualified disabled individuals who are applicants for employment. To request assistance or accommodations, please e-mail aamhr@aam.com . AAM is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.