Location New York, New York Shift: Day (United States of America) Description: Join the Information Technology team at New York’s 1-ranked hospital. Information Security Risk Analyst I This is your opportunity to provide world class technology solutions that will directly impact the quality of a patient’s life. At New York Presbyterian Hospital Information Technology is at the forefront of our patient experience. Joining our team will give you the opportunity to develop your career while creating solutions and services that will improve the welfare of others. If growing your career in technology while creating solutions that improve the lives of others inspires you, then a career at New York Presbyterian Hospital awaits you. The Information Security Risk Analyst I will participate in the NewYork- Presbyterian system-wide information security risk assessment program. The Information Security Risk Analyst I will make recommendations on methods of safeguarding data, information systems, and technology infrastructure to ensure that organizational information security risks are identified and managed. The Analyst I will play a critical role on the NewYork-Presbyterian information security risk assessment team, which will perform information system risk assessments of NewYork-Presbyterian applications, technology initiatives, business associates, and suppliers. Preferred Criteria Master’s Degree CISSP, CISM, CISA, CRISC or equivalent certification Required Criteria Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent degree Two to four years of relevant work experience in IT risk management, Information Security, internal audit, Information Technology, risk management, compliance or other relevant field Knowledge and experience with the HIPAA Security, Meaningful Use, and the HITECH Act Knowledge and experience with IT audit frameworks like: COBiT, ITIL and NIST Demonstrated knowledge and understanding of information technology, systems and architecture Join a hospital where employee engagement is at an all-time high. Enjoy competitive compensation along with benefits such as tuition reimbursement, hospital retirement contributions, and financial planning assistance. Start your life-changing journey today. __________________ 1 in New York, "America's Best Hospitals 2017-2018" - U.S.News & World Report 2017 “Best Large Workplaces in New York.” - Great Place to Work and Fortune 2017 “America’s Best Employers.” - Forbes Discover why we're 1 in New York and a best employer at: nyp.org/careers