To provide intermediate-level expertise, customization, and user support for third-party vendor technology products. Duties and Responsibilities Provides support for application, databases and systems. Works with operation teams to ensure system availability and stability Monitors production systems for alerts, outages and system issues. Investigates root cause of technical issues Works with more experienced technology specialists to understand business rationale and client expectations. Provides infrastructure configuration services on multiple platforms in the test / production environment. Suggests mutually agreeable alternatives, when applicable. Implements agreed upon solutions to improve system stability. Customizes standard third-party vendor products to comply with business needs. Evaluates success of product modification and regularly monitors performance to ensure ongoing utility. Resolves complex issues as they arise. Provides subject matter expertise in assigned systems. Works with the business to define field of use, standards, automation and best practices around assigned products and technologies. Supports assigned products by responding independently to client inquiries and resolving issues of intermediate complexity. Participates in special projects and performs other duties as assigned. Qualifications Undergraduate degree in a related field or an equivalent combination of training and experience. Minimum of three years experience in area of technical expertise. Advanced experience with a product or technical area (e.g. Windows, Linux, Access Management tools including Identity Minder, Siteminder, Sailpoint etc.) preferred. Understanding of software engineering processes and system development life cycles. Strong problem solving skills and capability to understand and set direction for complex technology integration. Good interpersonal, written and oral communication skills. Strong teamwork skills and capability to lead teams. Knowledge of the financial services industry preferred. Special Factors Vanguard is not offering visa sponsorship for this position.