We are now looking for a Research Scientist (Deep Learning): NVIDIA is searching for a world-class researcher in deep learning to join our applied research team. We are passionate about deep learning applied to computer vision, audio, text and other domains, with the goal of improving specific problems encountered in NVIDIA’s products. After building prototypes that demonstrate the promise of your research, you will work with product teams to help them integrate your ideas into products. If you agree with us that the most interesting thing about the deep learning revolution is applying it to solve real-life problems, this team will be a great fit for you. What you'll be doing: Conceive deep learning approaches to solving particular product problems. Construct and curate large problem specific datasets. Design and implement machine learning techniques aimed at solving specific problems. Transfer your technology to product groups. This position requires you to keep up with the latest DL research and collaborate with diverse teams (internal and external to Nvidia), including DL researchers, hardware architects, and software engineers. What we need to see: PhD or equivalent experience in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Artificial Intelligence, Applied Math, or related field. 2+ years of relevant work or lab/research experience Excellent knowledge of theory and practice of machine learning. Excellent programming skills in some rapid prototyping environment such as MATLAB or Python; C++ and parallel programming (e.g., CUDA) is a plus. Knowledge of common machine learning frameworks. Track record of research excellence or significant product development. Knowledge of application areas such as computer vision or natural language processing Strong communication and interpersonal skills are required along with the ability to work in a dynamic, product oriented, global team. A history of mentoring junior engineers and interns a huge plus. Intelligent machines powered by AI computers that can learn, reason and interact with people are no longer science fiction. Today, a self-driving car powered by Artificial Intelligence can meander through a country road at night and find its way. An AI-powered robot can learn motor skills through trial and error. This is truly an extraordinary time. The era of AI has begun. Image recognition and speech recognition — GPU deep learning has provided the foundation for machines to learn, perceive, reason and solve problems. The GPU started out as the engine for simulating human imagination, conjuring up the amazing virtual worlds of video games and Hollywood films. Now, Nvidia’s GPU runs deep learning algorithms, simulating human intelligence, and acts as the brain of computers, robots and self-driving cars that can perceive and understand the world. Just as human imagination and intelligence are linked, computer graphics and artificial intelligence come together in our architecture. Nvidia is increasingly known as “the AI computing company.” NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most brilliant and talented people in the world working for us. Are you creative and autonomous? Do you love the challenge of researching new application areas for applying deep learning and artificial intelligence? If so, we want to hear from you. Come, join our Deep Learning Research team and help us invent the future of our company. NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. deeplearning