Job Description Position Description We are seeking exceptional candidates to join Ford’s Global Strategy team. Join a highly collaborative group that plays a vital role helping to set the strategic direction for Ford Motor Company. In this role, you will have extensive interaction with Ford senior management on a number of strategic projects. Candidates should be top performers who are willing to work diligently in an unstructured environment where initiative, creativity, maturity, and enthusiasm for learning are highly valued. Responsibilities Support development of transformational strategies, including: Develop externally-informed insights that drive enterprise wide point of view, and strategic decisions Support development of Ford’s strategic plan Perform competitive benchmarking and business environment research studies, including regular quarterly competitor earnings analysis and global auto industry updates Distill data, insights, and information into clear and compelling recommendations Develop financial models and analysis to support strategic studies and business model development Job Requirements Basic Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree in Business, Economics, Engineering or relevant technical degree 3+ years of experience in a strategic or business/finance role in automotive, mobility, or management consulting Preferred Qualifications: MBA Specific assignments in or exposure to Product Financial Analysis, Marketing Finance (Variable Marketing and Pricing), Product Planning & Strategy, and Profit Analysis/Reporting are preferred Ability to distill key insights and formulate strategic points of view Strong business acumen and analytical skills. Knowledge of financial reporting preferred Ability to think creatively and develop new ideas and innovations Teamwork skills – Must work well within a cross-functional team and across the Ford enterprise Outstanding oral and written presentation skills – able to communicate ideas in a clear, concise, and compelling manner Ability to influence others through communication of thoughts and ideas Ability to proactively plan, organize and drive for results in a dynamic, fast-paced environment The distance between imagination and … creation. It can be measured in years of innovation, or in moments of brilliance. When you join the Ford team discover all the benefits, rewards and development opportunities you’d expect from a diverse global leader. You’ll become part of a team that is already leading the way, with ingenious solutions and attainable products – and it is always ready to go further. Candidates for positions with Ford Motor Company must be legally authorized to work in the United States on a permanent basis. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship is not available for this position, TN visa holders may be considered. Ford Motor Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status.