Job Description Service Engineering Operations (SEO) - Technical Support Analyst - Intern Ford is looking for talented individuals to be our next generation of innovators and leaders. As part of Service Engineering Operations (SEO), the Technical Assistance Center team assists Dealers in solving complex vehicle concerns, shares technical information and emerging concerns with the problem- solving teams in the company such as engineering and plays a key role in the development of future leaders in SEO. Technical Support Analysts work on specialized vehicle commodity teams using their critical thinking and problem solving skills to provide technically accurate and professionally communicated recommendations to the Dealers to help get vehicles fixed right the first time. It is a unique opportunity to demonstrate your passion to learn and be part of automotive and mobility leadership, apply your automotive knowledge and skillsets in a fast-paced, collaborative environment and make a difference while developing your own technical and professional skills. Over the Summer, your work as a Technical Support Analyst – Intern, will mirror that of our current team. After your training and time with mentor, you will have the skills required to jump into the role and assist our Dealers as well as have opportunities to attend special presentations and training, networking and team building events. Minimum Qualifications Junior level educational status or above Pursuing a Bachelor’s Degree in automotive-related programs such as, but not limited to, Automotive Technology, Automotive Technology Management, Field Service Operations, Advanced Vehicle Systems, Automotive Engineering Technology, Automotive Service Technology and Automotive Industry Management GPA of 2.8 or above Must be willing to relocate to SE MI Graduation date between December 2019 and August 2020 Preferred Qualifications Strong desire to learn and go further Excellent communication skills and emotional intelligence to build relationships with team members and customers while representing the Ford brand Excellent problem-solving and critical thinking skills that demonstrate the ability to use many resources to resolve complex technical and business-related concerns Ability to adapt to a dynamic, diverse working environment that fosters skilled and motivated people working together to deliver results Automotive dealership or independent hands-on diagnostic and vehicle repair experience Proficient computer skills Candidates for positions with Ford Motor Company must be legally authorized to permanently work in the United States. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship is not available for this position. Ford Motor Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status.