About GoDaddy GoDaddy powers the world's largest cloud platform dedicated to small, independent ventures. With nearly 17 million customers worldwide and over 75 million domain names under management, GoDaddy is the place people come to name their idea, build a professional website, attract customers and manage their work. Our mission is to give our customers the tools, insights and the people to transform their ideas and personal initiative into success. To learn more about the company visit www.GoDaddy.com. As a data-driven company, GoDaddy, is continually seeking talented and highly- motivated analysts to join our Business Analytics team. On the BA team, you will be integral to our company growth through the insights you uncover and the thoughtful recommendations you make. You will join forces with leaders of our product, platform, website, customer experience, and marketing teams. You will also be visible to the executive group and must be able to tell a succinct story from the data. We are seeking team members that are passionate, extraordinary, analytical, strategic, and inquisitive. The right person will raise the profile and excellence of our entire team. If this is you, please apply regardless of years of experience. Your level in the organization will be commensurate with your experience and demonstrated abilities. We will always find a place for exceptional people. You can make a difference here! Responsibilities: Use data to tell a story. Conduct in-depth analytics to identify actionable insights, suggest recommendations and influence the direction of the business by effectively communicating findings to cross-functional groups. Build dynamic and rich dashboards. Show results in easy-to-understand visualizations that help our partners understand their business and its drivers. Interact with business partners to understand their goals and objectives, develop analytic requirements, provide answers to business questions, make recommendations, and join forces in driving business improvement and optimization. Build end-to-end reporting solutions from multiple data structures and sources. Lead the design, development and implementation of enterprise-wide views, dashboards and custom reporting. Ability to work autonomously and make critical decisions independently. Proven communication and collaboration skills; willingness to take the initiative to contribute beyond basic responsibilities. FOR UK CANDIDATES: you will make a key contribution to our growing EMEA BA team who work across multiple customer facing brands Desired Requirements: Minimum 2 years of relevant work experience in analytics, preferably in SaaS/subscription space. Bachelor’s degree in quantitative field such Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering, Finance, etc… Postgrad degree a plus. Experience using SQL to discover, aggregate and extract data a MUST. Large dataset experience a plus. Experience with data visualization and business intelligence tools like Tableau, Google Analytics, or other programs. Familiarity with analytical techniques, including trend analysis, forecasting, and experiment design. LI-JA1 _GoDaddy is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We will not discriminate against any applicant or employee on the basis of age, race, color,_ _creed, religion,_ _sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, medical condition, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, marital status or civil partnership/union status, physical or mental_ _disability, pregnancy,_ _childbirth, genetic information, military and veteran status, or any other basis prohibited by applicable federal, state or local law. GoDaddy will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with local and federal requirements._ If you need assistance completing an application for a position with us, please reach out to our Recruiting Team at Recruiting@godaddy.com To submit your application to this position, please click _Apply_ .