POSITION SUMMARY: The Epic Client Systems Administrator (ECSA) will perform complex technical and analytical work in the design, installation, documentation, support and maintenance of a wide variety of Epic applications. In this role, the ECSA will provide guidance to application personnel in the use of systems software, linkage to application programs, servers and networks. The work of the ECSA is performed independently and reviewed through observation, conferences and results achieved. PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES: • Install and configure software for Epic Client Systems. • Responsible for and supports a variety of Mt. Auburn’s based applications. Provides site design and client support, including Epic Printing Services (EPS), and Epic Business Continuity Access (BCA) support under Microsoft Server Operating Systems. • Provides overall technical responsibility for Mt. Auburn’s applications with in-depth knowledge of a wide variety of communications hardware and software. • Provides overall technical responsibility for Mt. Auburn’s applications with in-depth knowledge of a wide variety of communications hardware and software. • Administers the testing and analysis of all components of network facilities to ensure operational status. • Analyzes systems or applications testing and production problems; takes corrective action to reduce system failure; implements new system or applications software and modifications efficiently. • Tests new or modified software; analyzes test results. • Maintains technical data on state-of-the-art systems or applications software and computer equipment; applies knowledge as applicable, in making recommendations to management and/or users for new systems or modifications to existing systems. Provides or assures that technical guidance and resources are available to Mt. Auburn’s team members when necessary. • Researches, evaluates and recommends changes in hardware, software, data communications, and techniques that contribute to more effective automated systems capabilities. • Develops and administers data processing disaster recovery and/or security systems and procedures. • Serves as team member in the development and implementation of complex computer system projects. • Works with IT management to prepares project prioritization, project tracking and resource allocation. • Rotational 7 x 24 on-call (~1 week every 10 weeks) • Level III escalation support. • Other duties as assigned. PRIVACY & SECURITY RESPONSIBILITIES: • Workforce Vigilance: Each Mt. Auburn employee has a responsibility to watch for unauthorized use or disclosure of Protected Health Information (PHI) or Personal Information (PI), to act and prevent the action and to report suspected breaches of privacy and security policies to their supervisor and designated Mt. Auburn Privacy and Security Officers. Mt. Auburn’s workforce are required to attend Mt. Auburn’s Privacy and Security Training, sign a Confidentiality and Non-Disclosure Agreement and complete HIPAA webinar training on an annual basis. • System Access Profiles & Controls: Mt. Auburn assigns system access profiles to job titles based on how much information is needed to accomplish work responsibilities in accordance with our Privacy and Security Policies and Procedures. Requirements: SKILLS/KNOWLEDGE AND ABILITIES: • Bachelor degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience, plus 2 - 4 years progressively responsible experience in a Microsoft based Citrix/Netscaler/XenApp 6.X/vdisk comparable environment, working with major operating system Windows 08/12 R2, and including database management and knowledge of Microsoft SQL. • 2 - 4 years demonstrated knowledge and experience with Citrix, MS Windows Servers, and Enterprise networks and related hardware and software or an equivalent combination of education, training and related experience. • Experience with Epic Client Systems Management preferred. • Advanced scripting knowledge such as PowerShell 2.0/3.0/4.0, Primal Script, VBScript, Perl, batch, etc • Handle multiple tasks, changing priorities and complex assignments. • Strong organizational and planning skills with the ability to be proactive and to take initiative. ESSENTIAL ABILITIES: 1. Sufficient clarity of speech and hearing, with or without reasonable accommodation, which permits the employee to communicate well with the supervisor, community, employees and general public. 2. Sufficient vision, with or without reasonable accommodation, which permits the employee to produce and review a wide variety of materials, written correspondence, reports and related materials in electronic and hard copy form. 3. Ability to ascend or descend stairs or ramps using feet and legs, hands and arms. 4. Ability to maintain body equilibrium to prevent falling when walking, standing or crouching. 5. Ability to travel to and from various locations. 6. Ability to learn and carry out the primary responsibilities of the assigned position. 7. Ability to effectively communicate in writing and orally on job progress and other assignments and responsibilities. 8. Ability to conceive and articulate plans, create and manage detailed projects, organize and prioritize work. 9. Ability to analyze data and exercise sound judgment in making decisions and managing confidential or sensitive information. Mt. Auburn’sis an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE).