Overview The Facilities Systems Administrator is responsible for the set-up, implementation, configuration, troubleshooting, maintenance and support of all on-site facility computing systems. In addition, this individual will be supporting the Network Operations Team in setting up physical Windows Server environments. Individual provides recommendations and evaluations regarding software and hardware and is a key team member in the development of standards and procedures for facility technology. The individual will be responsible for training and supporting facility personnel on the proper use and care of the equipment and will also ensure that all components are functional and are maintained on a regular basis as outlined by the company’s standard operating procedures. The individual will also assist with onboarding new clients and overseeing any IT related issues as needed. Responsibilities Provide ongoing management and operations support of all hardware and software in the facility which entails installing and maintaining the set-up and on-going support of printers, scales and scan equipment including the loading of printer labels, ribbon, toner, paper, etc. Installs and maintains all hardware, printing and peripheral equipment and provides support, troubleshooting, and problem detection and repairs as well as general and preventative maintenance as needed. All support tickets are logged and maintained in a central repository Participate in the evaluation of new technology for the facilities and assists with defining desktop strategies, problem management, needs analysis, evaluation and recommendations of new technologies, standards, meeting service levels, and patch management Provides user and system support and guidance related to facility client processing issues as appropriate and report on production status and/or escalation as required Perform system administration for the Microsoft Windows Operating environment and assists with operational systems such as Oneship, OCR, Kewill, WMS, etc. Promptly respond to platform, application problems in local and remote locations on a 24x7 basis Set computing platform standards including technology, configuration, deployment and support methods and processes for hardware, operating systems and network infrastructure standards to meet application availability and performance requirements. Achieve functional expertise with computing systems in use at Newgistics while acquiring and maintaining current knowledge of relevant product offerings and support policies Handle maintenance and warranty repairs with vendors. If warranty or other repairs are necessary obtain the proper RMA’a and manage the process of shipping and receiving repair items from end to end. Maintain log and/or list of required repairs and maintenance. Clean PC’s, printers, scales and other equipment as required and perform proactive maintenance as needed Assist with overseeing updating of patches and applications upgrades as necessary Maintain documentation of computing platform to include updated and thoroughly complete inventory of hardware, software and resources for assigned region and oversee any spares as necessary with processes for ongoing management and update of the database. Also coordinate identifying and preparing hardware for disposal when appropriate and ensure data is stripped and secured before disposal Recommend process improvements as necessary Assist with training employees and temps on the equipment used in the facility Travel up to 25% regionally to NGS facilities and vendors as needed Performs other duties as required Qualifications Bachelors degree in computer sciences or equivalent experience 3-5 years experience in end-user support, systems administration, and familiarity with networking concepts, various hardware and software tools, and demonstrated diagnostic and analytical skills. Experience in a parcel processing setting preferred Excellent technical and practical skills with proven expertise and experience in technologies used in Newgistics computing systems to include but not limited to Microsoft Windows operating systems, Microsoft Active Directory, Intel-based desktop and server hardware, LAN/WAN knowledge and experience, Anti-Virus and Anti-Spam, etc. Ability to learn new products and technologies quickly Excellent troubleshooting and analytical skills and the ability to work independently to solve problems under pressure and to manage multiple projects / priorities under time constraints Accuracy and attention to detail and strong organizational skills Must have strong sense of urgency and a “can-do” attitude. Must be “goal oriented” and “proactive” with relentless focus on results Exceptionally strong written and verbal communication skills. Requires the ability to effectively communicate orally and in writing with end users, management, vendors, etc. Strong interpersonal skills and “Customer service attitude”. Ability to work well with people / teams and develop and maintain effective working relationships Strong team player and professional relationship with clients, peers, staff, and management Motivated, self-directed work ethic, willing to aggressively pursue individual and team goals. Demonstrates initiative, i.e. self-starter and an organized individual who is able to handle multiple projects and areas of responsibility This position requires flexibility in working hours. The incumbent will be required, on occasion, to work evenings, weekends and holidays and is subject to being on-call Must be able to work in a warehouse environment, at times, in a range of temperatures and must be able to lift up to 50 lbs when moving equipment as needed _This position profile describes the general nature of the functions of this job. It is not intended to be an exhaustive list or limit the manager’s ability to modify work assignments as appropriate._