ARIZONA DEPARTMENT OF ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY We are looking for results-oriented, driven individuals with a thirst for problem solving. connect with us: azdeq.gov LinkedIn Environmental Scientist 2 – Permit Writer Stormwater Unit WATER QUALITY DIVISION JOB SUMMARY At ADEQ our vision is to be the number one state in the nation in balanced, leading-edge environmental protection; through technical and operational excellence; and radical simplicity for customers and staff. We are currently looking for employees who are committed to our Agency, passionate to excel in their career and engaged in our mission. Only this caliber of employee will be successful in driving our Agency towards accomplishing our vision. As an Environmental Science Specialist , we will rely on you to review permit applications and develop permits for the Arizona Pollution Discharge Elimination Systems (AZPDES) permit program. As an AZPDES permit writer, you will conduct research and/or perform facility inspections for the purpose of identifying, abating, or eliminating sources of pollutants or hazards that affect human health and the environment. Using knowledge of various scientific disciplines, you may collect, synthesize, study, report, and recommend action based on the reviews of permit applications or facility inspections. Do you think you have the combination of commitment, passion, and talent to help drive this Agency to realizing our vision? If so, apply today. To learn more about us, our organizational habits known as the ADEQ Way, our culture, and other positions we have open, visit us at DEQ/careers IDEAL CANDIDATE Ideal candidate will possess: Bachelor’s degree in environmental engineering, civil engineering, hydrology, chemical engineering, geology, mechanical engineering, environmental/earth science or law. Strong writing and communication skills. 0 years’ experience for level 1 ; 2 years’ experience for level 2 , 5 years’ experience for level 3 (at level 3 Master’s degree can substitute for 2 years of experience, Doctorate can substitute for 4 years of experience). Driver's license required \- Possession of and ability to retain a current, valid state-issued driver's license required. Employees who drive on state business are subject to driver's license record checks and driver training. Knowledge of the Clean Water Act, Arizona Pollution Discharge Elimination System (AZPDES) regulations – referred as the National Pollution Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) regulations on a national level. Knowledge of mining operations, industrial operations, environmental engineering, compliance and enforcement strategies, sources of pollution, best practices for preventing the release of pollutants, environmental research, investigation techniques and statistical analysis, Agency policies and processes. Ability to understand and apply environmental rules and statues; to follow guidance documents, standard operating procedures, and other technical instructions in performance of tasks; to prepare clear, concise and accurate permits and reports; and to summarize completed tasks and/or monitoring data orally and in written communication. BENEFITS Among the many benefits of a career with the State of Arizona, there are: 10 paid holidays per year Accrual of sick and annual leave beginning at 12 and 13 days per year respectively for full-time employees A top-ranked retirement program with lifetime pension benefits A robust and affordable insurance plan to include medical, dental, life, short-term and long-term disability An incentivized commuter club and public transportation subsidy program We promote the importance of work/life balance by offering workplace flexibility We offer a variety of learning and career development opportunities Click APPLY to submit your resume Arizona State Government is an AA/EEO/ADA Reasonable Accommodation Employer. Hired employees will be subject to E-Verify. Persons with a disability may request a reasonable accommodation such as a sign language interpreter or an alternative format by contacting Margarita Lane, [email protected] Requests should be made as early as possible to allow time to arrange the accommodation. Having trouble applying? Email [email protected] or call 602-542-4700 for assistance