Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative field like Statistics, Engineering, or a quantitative social science; Advanced degree is a strong plus Strong academic qualifications, including advanced understanding/coursework in Math (Linear Algebra, Calculus), and Statistics Advanced knowledge of statistical techniques and machine learning (generalized linear models, regularized regression, decision trees/random forests, clustering, etc.) Proficiency in R and/or Python; additional knowledge of other statistical software (SAS, Matlab, etc.) helpful Experience in visualization tools (e.g., Tableau, R Shiny) a plus Experience in analytics applied to the Human Resources domain a strong plus Skills to communicate complex ideas effectively Who You'll Work With You will be joining the OrgSolutions team in Waltham, Massachusetts, co- located with our McKinsey Knowledge Center colleagues. OrgSolutions is part ofMcKinsey’s New Ventures. OrgSolutions combines innovative design technology and advanced analytics with deep expertise to accelerate effective organizational decisions. OrgSolutions can help Human Resources and business leaders to make smarter organizational decisions by leveraging advanced data analytics, user-centered design technology and proven methodologies. These approaches help clients to answer critical questions related to cost reduction, efficiency and effectiveness streamlining, merger plans, divestments and carve outs, and talent deployment. McKinsey New Ventures fosters innovation driven by analytics, design thinking, mobile and social by developing new products/services and integrating them into our client work. It is helping to shift our model toward asset-based consulting and is a foundation for –and expands our investment in –our entrepreneurial culture. Through innovative software as a service solutions, strategic acquisitions, and a vibrant ecosystem of alliances, we are redefining what it means to work with McKinsey. As one of the fastest-growing parts of our firm, New Ventures has more than 1,500 dedicated professionals (including more than 800 analysts and data scientists) and we’re hiring more mathematicians, data scientists, designers, software engineers, product managers, client development managers and general managers. What You'll Do You will analyze and evaluate a wide range of data, including data from human resources information systems and relevant internal and external survey assessments. Leveraging your advanced data analysis skills, you will create innovative approaches to answer our clients’ most relevant talent questions. You will be working on a variety of problems across many different industries, such as a top-tier professional services company trying to improve the efficiency of their recruiting pipeline, an insurance company facing high, inexplicable attrition, and a major pharmaceutical company in need of a roadmap to better understand their future talent needs. You will work with clients and our team to translate clients’ questions into analytical problems, manage the entire data cleaning pipeline, apply machine learning algorithms and data visualization techniques, generate insights, and communicate them back to clients. Working on projects and exchanging experiences with your colleagues means you will face new intellectual challenges on a daily basis, while continuously building your methodological knowledge and skills.