This position requires experience with network design, configuration, implementation and problem management of Customer network infrastructure. Technical knowledge and current hands on experience of data, voice and voip using various vendors equipment including cisco. Hands on experience with Cisco routers and routing protocols including BGP, EIGRP and OSPF is a must. Should be customer oriented with experience of serving large customers. Should be responsible with a can do attitude and willing to work with horizontal teams for better collaboration. Overall Purpose: Responsible for the fundamental technology work of architecting/designing/building the core frameworks for our system platforms and end to end solutions, including building platform and performance components. Makes high-level design choices and dictates technical standards, tools, and platforms and must have an understanding of systems engineering principles derived from experience. Key Roles and Responsibilities: Collaborate with critical stakeholders to understand business needs, priority, and the quality of services to be created or enhanced. Drive solution to be compliant with Target State Architecture. Drive enhancements to Target State Architecture to meet future business needs. Responsible for discovering and identifying any bottleneck gaps such as manual flows that can hinder the services or impact cycle time or cost and resolve them early during the solution, design, and construction phase. Drive research and standardization of platform components that can make up the building blocks from which AT&T; will build applications and services. Ensure applications and services are leveraging building blocks whenever possible. Consider the clients non functional requirements such as security, scalability, resiliency, and performance in all solutions. May define and design functional, technical, performance, and reliability solutions in line with client inferred requirements. Solves complex performance issues. Creates massive distributed systems. Creates integrated solutions between legacy and target state solutions. Create vendor guidelines and best practices. Define company technical strategic directions for vendor selection, technology choices, engineering processes, and tools. Job Contribution: Intermediate level technical professional. Subject matter technical knowledge within a discipline and sound understanding of ATT technologies. Education: Preferred Bachelors of Science degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Applied Science, Electrical Engineering, or Math; or equivalent experience. Experience: Typically requires 3-5 years experience. Technical Career Pathway (TCP) role. Supervisory: No. Principal Functional Skills / Competencies associated with this Title: Agile Methodology (Scrum) Application Design, Architecture Application Programming Interface (API) IT Industry: Trends and Directions Operating Systems and Environments Process Management Product and Service Design and Development Programming Languages Quality Management System and Technology Integration Target Architecture Technology Architecture Click here to view this job description in Career Intelligence. Job Code - 49094103