Overview Welcome to Allscripts! Our Mission is to be the most trusted provider of innovative solutions that empower all stakeholders across the healthcare continuum to deliver world-class outcomes. Our Vision is a Connected Community of Health that spans continents and borders. With the largest community of clients in healthcare, Allscripts is able to deliver an integrated platform of clinical, financial, connectivity and information solutions to facilitate enhanced collaboration and exchange of critical patient information. The primary purpose of this role is to be responsible for Windows systems administration necessary for technology solutions that meet customer needs, expected delivery dates, and exceptional quality standards throughout WhidbeyHealth in Coupeville, WA. Responsibilities Possess proficiency in the assigned technology domain. Maintain, monitor and support the infrastructure environment in assigned technology domain. Install, configure and support hardware and software required to operate assigned technology. Install updates, patches and anti-virus updates. Troubleshoot and resolve issues in assigned technology including hardware, software, operating system. Conduct system health checks, trending analysis and capacity data gathering. Triage and resolve or escalate operational support for issues from Service Desk. Develop and maintain documentation related to administration and maintenance. These are consistent for all our staff: Assist in supporting activations and rollouts. Consistent efforts to deliver quality solutions as per agreed scope. Customer focus and close alignment with the customers’ business objectives. Ensure efforts to continually improve domain knowledge. Ensure the quality of the deliverables as per the defined defects standards Document issues with resolutions and share with team members to improve team productivity. Provide data to generate team performance metrics. Knowledge transfer with other team members to improve overall team education level Take complete ownership for the assigned task and timely inform the progress of the project / task to all stakeholders. Adherence to the defined standards. Take initiative and drives to bring to logical conclusion; proactive approach. Provide accurate and timely information and escalates when there are issues. Actively participate in meetings and make valuable contribution. Qualifications Academic and Professional Qualifications: BS degree in Information Science/Computer Science/Software Engineering/Business preferred or other relevant combination of training and experience. Experience: Up to 2 years entry level to moderate experience in providing support and maintenance in Windows environment. Windows Active Directory experience required. Windows Server experience required. MCSA and / or MCSE a plus. Meditech experience a plus. Previous healthcare experience preferred. Excellent customer service skills and the ability to thrive in a critical environment. Travel Requirements: May require local travel May require other travel for business needs Working Arrangements: May require after hours on call support Work is performed in a standard office environment with minimal exposure to health or safety hazards At Allscripts, our greatest strength comes from bringing together talented people with diverse perspectives to support the technology needs of 180,000 physicians, 1,500 hospitals and 10,000 post-acute organizations across the globe. Allscripts offers a competitive total rewards package, including holidays, vacation, and medical, disability and life insurance. Allscripts’ policy is to provide equal employment opportunity and affirmative action in all of its employment practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, age, individuals with disabilities, sexual orientation or gender identity or expression or any other legally protected category. Applicants for North American based positions with Allscripts must be legally authorized to work in the United States or Canada. Verification of employment eligibility will be required as a condition of hire. From a "VEVRAA Federal Contractor" We request Priority Referral of Protected Veterans