Co+opportunity is a community owned grocery store founded in Santa Monica in 1974. We have deep roots in LA County. In fact, our Co+op started the Santa Monica Farmers Market! Co+opportunity serves our diverse community and we know that great food means different things to many people. We love food and people who love food too. Our stores offer a full selection of wholesome foods and wellness products that give our customers lots of choices on which products are good for the health of their families, the community and the world. We've grown quite a bit since the hippie era that gave us our start; we are now a multi-million-dollar grocery store with two locations, our first store in Santa Monica and our newest store in Culver City. Got questions about what a co-op is? Learn more here. We're looking for smart, invested people who are interested in learning about natural foods and who really like people - we mean really like people - providing service, working hard and collaborating with customers, and having fun with them too. Sound like you and the Co+op are a match? Check out the job openings below. Co-opportunity Market & Deli is looking for a full-time & part-time, Grocery Clerks The Grocery Clerk is a key team member, you must be hard working, friendly and enthusiastic. Please have great people and customer service skills (smiling is encouraged). Key Responsibilities: Check in deliveries, verifying quantities and product quality Stock displays fully while keeping back stock consolidated Take initiative to help customers with questions Requirements: Must be willing to be thoroughly trained for the position Must be willing to adhere to regular, predictable attendance Ability to lift 50 pounds repeatedly Qualifications: Must be willing to be thoroughly trained for the position Must be willing to adhere to regular, predictable attendance Ability to lift 50 pounds repeatedly Benefits include: Excellent Medical/Life/Vision/Dental benefits Paid time off Bonus program 20% Employee Discount 401K/Profit Sharing with 100% match up to 5% of salary Free yoga, employee assistance program (free mental health and legal assistance) You will be assisting in Grocery department in all aspects of operations including; providing outstanding internal and external customer service, breaking down loads and stocking product, facing product, helping to create displays when needed; coordinating efficiently with other department, maintaining a clean and safe Grocery environment; helping with ordering and receiving merchandise, and assisting in whatever capacity is needed as deemed by the Grocery Manager and the Grocery Assistant Manager. Flexible schedule needed.