Our mission is to make hourly work easier for local businesses and their employees. As former hourly workers ourselves, we get the struggles teams face and build our products with empathy to banish paperwork and time consuming daily tasks (like scheduling, timesheet management, or team messaging). Today, more than 60,000 local businesses rely on our collective data and expertise to better control the hours in their week and the dollars in their pocket. We are in the early stages of what we will accomplish as a company, and we are just getting started. The team brings local business expertise from Intuit, Square, OpenTable, Yelp, and First Data. Based in Houston and San Francisco, Homebase is backed by leading venture investors Baseline Ventures, Cowboy Ventures, and Khosla Ventures. As a Full Stack Ruby Engineer you will help design and implement product solutions that empower us to reach our potential! Play a leading role in product engineering in our ruby, rails and javascript front-end stack. You will accelerate our ability to reliably and consistently deliver beautiful solutions to our customers. You’ll drive product engineering end-to-end for the web and API components that make up our product platform. You will contribute to the evolution of our current engineering strategy and development process. Your challenge will be to build a variety of ruby based applications and APIs to support our web, iOS and Android front ends. You will also get a chance to develop on these front ends – there is lots of great work to do! Who you are and what you do: 3+ years of software engineering experience. This means you have worked with at least one team of developers at at least one company, preferably at least two companies! 2+ years with Ruby and Rails framework. Solid understanding of object-oriented design and design patterns, and how they apply to Ruby, Python, etc. Impressive understanding of SQL and data modeling for scalability and performance. Formidable XHTML/CSS/JavaScript and MVC framework experience. Knowledge of mobile development best practices, both for the mobile web, and native applications. Able to compare various languages and frameworks objectively. Eye for good design and ability to implement ‘pixel perfect’ UI designs. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. Knowledge of Git, Github, and development using pull requests. Experience with building mobile applications (iOS, Android). Homebase is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, color, national origin, religion, sex, protected veteran status, or disability.