As a UW employee, you have a unique opportunity to change lives on our campuses, in our state and around the world. UW employees offer their boundless energy, creative problem solving skills and dedication to build stronger minds and a healthier world. UW faculty and staff also enjoy outstanding benefits, professional growth opportunities and unique resources in an environment noted for diversity, intellectual excitement, artistic pursuits and natural beauty. All of which has allowed the UW to be nationally recognized as a “Great College to Work For” for four consecutive years. The Office of Public Records at the UW has an outstanding opportunity for a Compliance Analyst. The Office of Public Records at the University of Washington is responsible for responding to all public records requests that come in from a variety of sources. In 1972, Washington state enacted both the public records law and the open public meetings act to ensure citizen of Washington state transparency and access to government documents. The staff of the Office of Public Records and Open Public Meetings oversee the university's compliance with these two important laws. The Compliance Analyst is responsible for receiving, administering, reviewing, redacting, and responding to a case load of public records requests, in compliance with state law and University policy. This position is key to assuring compliance to government transparency laws, mitigating risk and assuring quality of compliance work performed by internal and external staff. The position analyzes public records requests, identifies which areas of the University hold data and information responsive to public record requests, audits collections processes to ensure all data and information have been provided. The position determines all legal deadlines, sometimes in conjunction with other analysts or public records officers. Assures requesters are notified of all legally required compliance updates. Determines what compliance documentation is needed. Creates documentation and assures it is provided to appropriate work files and to parties of interest. The analyst performs analytical and administrative tasks to assure compliance with all state and federal access and transparency laws. The position may oversee and audit similar processes performed on the University’s behalf. Assures the University’s response to individual public records requests complies with all state and federal access and transparency laws. Scope includes managing all legal dates, researching legal issues, analyzing data and information and performing administrative tasks associated with this compliance function. Identifies legal, financial and brand risks bringing them to the attention of management Responsibilities: Administer Public Records Requests : Creates and maintains complex records systems controlling paper and electronic data and information submitted in response to public records requests. Reviews requests and determines which departments, faculty and staff may hold responsive information and data. Works with University staff to assure all records are identified and collected in compliance with the public records law. Oversees all aspects of a caseload of public records requests. Assures the University’s response to individual public records requests complies with all state and federal access and transparency laws. Scope includes managing all legal dates, researching legal issues, analyzing data and information and performing administrative tasks associated with this compliance function. Identifies legal, financial and brand risks bringing them to the attention of management. The analyst will assist with the caseloads of other staff upon request. Reviews all types of information and data including primary scientific research data, information held by the University but considered proprietary by the University’s business partners, patient information, student information, attorney–client privileged information, investigation records from UWPD, records from University Complaint Investigation and Resolution Office, HR , Washington National Primate Center data and information, records from the Institutional Animal Care Committee (IACUC) and the Institutional Bio-Safety Committee, among others. Must be comfortable working with information considered confidential or personal for business purposes, and computer systems security records. May be assigned to review other types of information as necessary. Must be able to communicate with discretion and tact with all levels of University staff as well as outside clients. These clients include the general public, opposing attorneys, news media and advocacy groups. Under the direction of compliance officers or other analysts established legal dates, communicates them to departments and assures departments comply with dates Create, edit and send legally required compliance correspondence to internal and external audiences. Audits all legal dates and assures they are met. Under the direction of compliance officers and in conjunction with other analysts arranges and manages all aspects of compliance project team meetings and other necessary meetings. Other duties as assigned. As a UW employee, you will enjoy generous benefits and work/life programs. For detailed information on Benefits for this position, click here. Requirements: Bachelor's degree in relevant field, or equivalent work experience. 3-4 years of progressively responsible administrative work, with the ability to work independently Experience in the field of Washington State Public Records compliance or in discovery review. Position requires excellent judgment and analytical skills. Able to identify issues that should be brought to the attention of office’s management before taking independent action. Able to work with high volumes under strict legal deadlines. Demonstrates discretion and tact while working with highly sensitive and confidential materials. Excellent writing skills and must have excellent attention to detail. Proficiency in MSWord, Excel Outlook, and Access. Those with backgrounds in freedom of information, public relations, records management or library sciences, public policy, or the law may find this position of special interest Equivalent education/experience will substitute for all minimum qualifications except where there are legal requirements such as license/certification/registration. Desired: Experience in a legal office working with exemption inventories and redactions desired. Database management and computers systems administration experience desired. Knowledge of regulations polices and laws pertaining to public records and open public meetings helpful.