Redfin is a well-funded technology startup that's revolutionizing the $75 billion real estate industry in consumers' favor. At Redfin, you'll be able to unleash your brilliance to help us make sure the world knows there's a better way to buy and sell homes Our Analytics team queries, analyzes, and models our way to the truth, crushing biases and side-stepping anomalies to guide the organization on decisions large and small. If you're a proven leader with fire in your belly to do work that matters, we want to hear from you. As a Senior Analytics Manager, you'll lead and mentor a team of brilliant data scientists and analysts working to understand and help improve our web traffic and marketing efforts. You'll work with Product, Engineering, and Marketing teams across the company to make sure we've got our analytical firepower trained on the most critical challenges and opportunities at all times. Your team's efforts will help drive some of the most important decisions we make: what engineering features should we prioritize, which experiments are working and which are not, what are the best ways to make sure our fast-growing marketing budget is driving the growth we need? Your team's work will be essential to Redfin's mission to change the game of real estate in the customer's favor, both online and in the real world. Who You Are: Inspiring: You are a fearless leader and a wise mentor, unflappable under pressure and unstoppable when the answer is in your sights Take-charge: You think like an owner, prioritize on the fly, and make absolutely sure the most crucial work gets done Curious: When you walk into a room, it's never long before you know more about the room than anyone. You never stop at answering the "what" questions. You hunger for the "why" and "what if" questions. Sharp: These problems are tough! You have exceptional analytical and quantitative skills Practical: We're moving quickly and we need rapid answers to business questions. You must be able to design experiments that produce actionable results on the double Influential: Communicating your ideas clearly and convincingly to folks who don't share your passion for analytics is the mark of mastery Qualifications: Seasoned leader: We need someone who has managed a team of at least 5 data scientists or technical analysts in a fast-paced data-hungry environment. You have been managing high-performing teams for at least 3 years History of success: We're looking for a proven expert in either web traffic analytics or digital marketing analytics (preferably both). You have at least 8 years of experience analyzing complex web traffic or marketing questions Technical chops: SQL and Excel wizardry are required, as is expertise in either R or Python. Experience in Tableau is a plus Education: A B.S. in mathematics, statistics, operations research, computer science, engineering or one of the hard sciences is required. An advanced technical or business degree is preferred Passion: This position is not for the faint of heart. This is a high-visibility role with the opportunity to become a central figure in driving Redfin's strategy at a pivotal time for the company; experience influencing senior leadership is required We Offer: Small teams with great exposure to all levels of the company Great location in downtown Seattle Competitive compensation, generous benefits, and 3-weeks paid vacation annually Support and resources to continue learning Amazingly smart and fun teammates and a management team invested in your growth and success Redfin is an equal Opportunity Employer