Mission SENIOR MARKETING ANALYST Who We Are Founded and continuously led by inventor and entrepreneur Tony Aquila, Solera is a global leader in digital technologies that connect and secure life's most important assets: our cars, homes and identities. Since its inception in 2005 as a garage-based startup, Solera has grown aggressively with over 50 acquisitions across its platforms. The company's current product solutions include Audatex, Autodata, AutoPoint, CAP/HPI, Colimbra, Digidentity, Enservio, Explore Data, Hollander, Identifix, Inpart, LYNX and TitleTec, as well as the company's flagship Digital Garage application. Today, Solera processes over 300 million transactions annually for approximately 235,000 partners and customers in over 80 countries. Unified by a strong culture that values uncommon entrepreneurial thinking and continuous "do-it-different" innovation, Solera's global workforce of 6,700+ associates come from diverse forward-thinking industries that include automotive technology, artificial intelligence, software development, data sciences, cybersecurity, cognitive design, and digital identity protection. For more information, please visit solera.com. The Solera Way Solera’s uncommon culture is based on three simple principles: Think 80/20 (Focus), Act 30/30 (Efficiency), and Live 90/10 (Accountability). We define our mindset using Our 3H’s: Humility, a Hunger to succeed, and a desire to Hunt for opportunities to win. We train our volunteers to engage with each other modulating between their intellect (IQ) and emotional intelligence (EQ) using our 3Fs: Facts, Finesse, and Force. Solera has become a global technology leader that is constantly growing in the double digits. The principles, drills, and values associated with the Solera Way have been fundamental to Solera’s success and our ability to grow, continuously change, and innovate. Explore Explore Information Services, a Solera company, is a leading provider of information solutions to the insurance industry. For more than 20 years, Explore has provided innovation, technology, and data solutions to improve insurance decisions. More than two-thirds of the top 100 insurers rely on Explore products to identify risk, reduce expenses, and achieve a competitive advantage. Are You Uncommon? We’re on the hunt for an experienced marketing analyst who ranks in the top quartile among their peers. Someone who has a highly competitive and entrepreneurial mindset that is wired with a team-first attitude, has no problem rolling up their sleeves to execute their missions, and can modulate between leading and following as needed. You will serve as the senior marketing analyst for our fleet division. Position 80s What You’ll Be Doing At Solera, we believe in providing clarity and focus to what our people are responsible for – their mission. The 80’s, as we call them at Solera, are the employee’s priorities associated with their role or mission. The mission 80’s for this role, are: Manage $500K marketing budget and related campaigns Manage annual trade-show calendar Manage ecommerce tracking and reporting Additional responsibilities of the role include: Assist Manager of Marketing in the planning and execution of marketing strategy and lead generation activities Analyze website and social traffic, users and activity and campaign effectiveness to make actionable recommendations Manage content calendar and creation of content assets Perform competitive analyses; gather market/industry research as needed. Interface with creative agency partners Interface with Sales Division Qualifications Are You Qualified? 3-5 years ecommerce analytics experience 3-5 years marketing experience Bachelor’s degree required, Master’s preferred Comfortable with ambiguity and balancing multiple projects at the same time, while being able to deliver in a fast paced environment with tight deadlines Excellent communication skills including oral, written and presentational Strong project management and prioritization skills Our Space We believe that offices should be destinations where people want to be… places where people want to work, play and, collaborate. That is why we spend a lot of time on enhancing our workspaces. Solera’s work environments are intersections of the old and the new… of the past, present, and future. They are spaces designed to stimulate creative thinking, innovation, and cross- functional collaboration. We also embrace wellness. Whether it is our onsite or offsite workout centers, nutritional meals and beverages, or endless snacks for focus and energy. This wellness plan is our commitment to healthy living, which spans across our office environments.