Join SADA Systems as a Network Architect! Network Architect who has rich experience in network technologies in varied environments, including, but not limited to, Google Cloud Platform, Microsoft Azure, VMware, On-Prem Data Centers and AWS. Must be fluent in WAN, LAN, VPC, VPN, and other networking technologies. Understanding of virtualized and cloud infrastructure is a plus. The Role We have the opportunity to place a few key Network resources with Google on a special project(s). The goal is to help Google, SADA, and our respective clients define, document, and migrate network and infrastructure architecture(s) into Google Cloud Platform. The Network Architect help guide customers on how to configure and deploy their Google Cloud infrastructure consisting of network architecture, application security, identity and access management, logging, monitoring, and more. You will consult with customers on how to best design, deploy and optimize their cloud deployments for high availability, reliability, performance and scale. Expectations is within 3 months, resources will obtain Google Cloud Certifications for one of the following: Professional Cloud Architect Professional Data Engineer https://cloud.google.com/certification/ Training will be provided. Additionally: Be a trusted technical advisor to customers and solve complex Cloud Infrastructure Network, and Networking challenges. Create and deliver best practices recommendations, tutorials, blog articles, sample code, and technical presentations adapting to different levels of key business and technical stakeholders. Travel regularly in-region for meetings, technical reviews, and onsite delivery activities with Google PSO. The Deployment can include: Migration of one targeted application to the Google Cloud Platform Google Cloud Platform configuration Networking (Peering Design) VPC configuration Secure Cloud Connection configuration Security & Identity Access Management (IAM) configuration Audit & Monitoring configuration Qualifications - Must Have Ability to articulate complex architectures to non-technical audiences Ability to document solutions and train operational teams on supportability Experience in of deployments within a cloud providers such as Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud, VMWare and OpenStack (one or more clouds) Engineering experience in building production infrastructure and repeatable designs Qualifications - Nice to Have Knowledge of networking and software defined networking in cloud environments Experience developing solutions using automation tools such as Ansible, Chief, Puppet, System Center, and/or Terraform Experience with Docker containers and orchestration platforms such as ECS, Kubernetes, Mesos and/or Swar Why You'll Love Working At SADA: You'll work with a great group of people, one of the best in the business, in a highly collaborative, team and results-oriented atmosphere You'll have the opportunity to work in a dynamic and extremely positive environment where there is always the opportunity to challenge your skills and really move the needle You’ll work with large, sophisticated, and progressive clients throughout North America Unlimited PTO More awesome benefits include competitive and attractive compensation, huge performance-based bonuses, holidays, medical, dental, vision, life, short and long-term disability insurance, 401K and more. Catered lunches provided! Ongoing training provided and plenty of opportunities to grow. We have a ping-pong table, big screens, video games, company social events and an espresso machine! About SADA Systems: SADA Systems, Inc. is a privately-held global leader in providing business and technology consulting services that transform organizations through cloud- based solutions. As a Facebook Workplace Service Partner, a Google Cloud Premier Partner and a Microsoft National Solutions Provider, SADA Systems has gained global accolades as an exceptional service provider with proven expertise in enterprise consulting, cloud platform migration, custom application development, managed services, user adoption and change management. If you love technology and you're looking for a stimulating and innovative environment with a fun corporate culture, then SADA is the place for you! Our dedication to our clients, partners, employees and the community has resulted in some great accolades, including: Inc. Magazine 5000 – America’s Fastest Growing Companies 10 years straight Los Angeles Business Journal Top 100 Fastest Growing Private Company for 2018 CRN Magazine Fast Growth 150 – Fastest Growing IT Services Companies 7 years straight Located in the heart of NOHO arts district, we offer an exciting and challenging place to work with some pretty cool people! If you're ready to take your career to the next level, then SADA is the right place for YOU.