Overview: Wells Fargo technology teams drive innovation to create a more powerful and fulfilling financial experience for our customers and team members. You will join more than 24,000 team members supporting 95 billion transactions annually in 10 countries. Our career opportunities span the technology spectrum: advanced analytics, big data, information security, application development, cloud enablement, project management and more. SUCCESS PROFILE Check out the top traits we're looking for and see if you have the right mix. Additional related traits listed below. Analytical Detail-oriented Insightful Inventive Problem Solver Curious Benefits Wells Fargo wants to help you get more out of life and take care of things outside the office to make life a little easier. We provide: Medical, Dental and Vision Employer Matching 401(k) Tuition Reimbursment Maternity and Paternity Leave Paid Time Off Responsibilties Job Description At Wells Fargo, we want to satisfy our customers’ financial needs and help them succeed financially. We’re looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where you’ll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience. Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you. Wells Fargo’s Chief Administrative Office (CAO) consists of enterprise functions that work together to promote and protect the Wells Fargo culture and brand, and support our team members. Groups within CAO work to protect our reputation, tell our story, bolster team member engagement, connect with our customers, and bring new and innovative solutions to life. CAO functions include Commitment to Customer, Corporate Responsibility & Community Relations, Data Management & Insights, Human Resources, Marketing, Stakeholder Relations, and the CAO Integration and Planning Office. Enterprise Advanced Analytics Lab (E-AA lab) is the state-of-the-art enterprise lab-cum-production grade platform within enterprise Data Management and Insights (DMI) of Wells Fargo. This E-AA Lab enables innovation across all LOBs and departments by carrying out advanced analytics, analytics, and artificial intelligence proof-of-concepts, tools proof-of-technology and pilot projects. This is a fast paced highly visible and impactful group. Roles: Chaperone tech projects including Proof of Concepts (POCs), and Pilots, through complete life cycle at the E-AA Lab from onboarding, executing in the Lab, to off boarding. Responsible for POC and Pilot projects’ technical architecture, design, solutioning, while meeting enterprise security and compliance standards. Lead in adopting leading edge advanced analytics, BI, ML, AI tools, Big Data data preparation, and related tools for Enterprise Advanced Analytics Lab. Be current with new innovative tools that are entering the market. Responsible for carrying out complete analysis and evaluation of new, innovative, leading-edge tools and solutions. Capable of configuring tools/software apps in both Hadoop and SAS environments. Maintain good relationships with business and technology partners and meet agreed upon service level SLAs set for AA Lab. Be the key liaison with technology partners and vendors. Responsible for creating, and owning documents including User Manuals, Cookbooks, FAQ, and Wiki. Responsibilities: Carry out end-to-end functional, technology, security, and performance evaluations and testing of Big Data data-preparation tools, advanced analytics, BI and AI/ML tools and apps. Take ownership of complex proof of technologies (POTs) and proof of concepts (POCs). Be able to work with various vendors, startup companies, corporate supply chain, enterprise and data architects, tech teams, as well as data engineers, data scientist, and business partners and project managers. Collaborate with Big Data platform tech leads, infrastructure engineers, and vendor resources. Chaperone technically complex fast-paced POCs and POTs projects and programs to success. Carry out hands-on development, configuration, data engineering, data preparation, data movement, and related tasks for POC/Pilot projects in Big Data environment. Location(s): Fremont, CA; Phoenix, AZ; San Francisco, CA As a Team Member Manager , you are expected to achieve success by leading yourself, your team, and the business. Specifically you will: Lead your team with integrity and create an environment where your team members feel included, valued, and supported to do work that energizes them. Accomplish management responsibilities which include sourcing and hiring talented team members, providing ongoing coaching and feedback, recognizing and developing team members, identifying and managing risks, and completing daily management tasks. Required Qualifications 8+ years of experience in one or a combination of the following: project management, implementation, or strategic planning 3+ years of leadership experience 3+ years of experience researching new technologies, performing proof-of-concepts and recommending solutions 5+ years of Big Data experience 5+ years of Hadoop experience 3+ years of design, implementation and governance experience with Artificial Intelligence, Natural Language Processing or Machine Learning architecture 3+ years of development experience with languages such as Python, Java, Scala, or R 5+ years of SQL experience 5+ years of data modeling experience Desired Qualifications A BS/BA degree or higher 5+ years of UNIX experience ETL (Extract, Transform, Load) Programming experience Financial industry experience Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills Strong project management skills Other Desired Qualifications Familiarity with predictive analytics, real-time analytics, graph databases/analytics, cognitive computing, deep learning, cloud analytics, and geo spatial analytics Solutions architecture, analytics app dev and data preparation experience Experience in evaluating innovative advanced analytics and data preparation tools Deep understanding of Hadoop ecosystem, SAS, and related open source products Experience in analytics, in open source tools, libraries for R, Python, Spark, H2O, and others Ability to multi-task and work in an unstructured and interrupt driven environment Disclaimer All offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women. Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.