Shelves books, magazines, and other library materials ensuring all materials are reshelved in correct order. Reviews the library collection to ensure library materials are maintained in correct order in their assigned areas. Checks condition of books in designated areas, removes obsolete/damaged materials for review by a librarian, and performs minor mending. Processes new, rebound, and reconditioned library materials for circulation and reference according to established procedures. Assists with annual inventory of collection. Assists with automated and manual circulation duties, registering and deleting customers, charging and discharging library materials, taking requests for reserves and interlibrary loans, and checking to ensure those requests are filled. Assists with processing overdues. Explains library rules to users and ensures that users observe library rules. Assists users in locating books and information using the Integrated Library System (ILS), online databases and other Internet resources and on the shelves, referring difficult questions to lead technician or librarian. Performs routine clerical tasks such as answering the telephone, taking messages, and referring callers or visitors to the appropriate staff member. Assists in maintaining and updating library statistics and filing. Assists in office account duties as needed. Uses a variety of computer and word processing software to prepare, email and print a variety of letters, reports, memos, and other documents. Following established procedures, assists with the library procurement/acquisition process. Assists in implementing programs, publicity, and the marketing of library services. Performs other related duties as assigned. QUALIFICATIONS Must have experience in responsible clerical or office work of any kind that demonstrates the ability to perform satisfactorily at the grade level of the position. Must be able to read, write, and speak English. Must have experience or training that demonstrates the ability to perform simple computer and word processing. Typing skills are desirable. Work requires some physical exertion such as long periods of standing; recurring activities such as bending, crouching, stooping, stretching, and reaching; pushing loaded book trucks; and recurring lifting of moderately heavy items. Must be physically able to frequently lift boxes of up to 40 pounds. Must be able to reach up to 72 inches with or without the assistance of a step stool. Must be able to satisfactorily complete a pre-employment physical. Successful completion of a National Agency Check with Inquiries is required. Must possess skill in dealing with the public. "All Federal NAF Employees are required by PL 104-134 to have salary payments made by electronic funds transfer/direct deposit." EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER