Who we are: We’re unique among Seattle agencies not only because of our global client roster, but because of how we work. We believe in great creative above all else. We believe an idea can come from anywhere, which is why we eschew ego in favor of collaboration. And why we use data the right way: to inform our award-winning ideas. We’re headquartered in downtown Seattle’s historic Times Square Building, which says a lot about us too. We’re the perfect blend of art and innovation, bedrock and badassery. Join us today to help shape the future of digital. Who we are looking for: POSSIBLE is seeking an Analytics Manager with a background in data, marketing, and strategic analysis. You’ll be the client data lead and will help implement new best practices and standards and develop KPIs and metrics. To be successful in this role, you must be able to thrive in a creative environment where collaboration, client service, big thinking, and humor are part of the culture. There is a lot of variety in this role (campaign reporting, optimization and testing, dashboard creation, data strategy, segmentation, tagging) and you should enjoy working on various data projects simultaneously. What you’ll do: Create, implement and lead web analytics engagements. Responsible for client communication, implementation support, data analysis and recommendation. Audit, implement and manage digital tag management platform. Create custom scorecards based on site goals to measure website performance. Analyze web analytics data as well as other offline data to evaluate site performance. Create and lead client presentations, add insight to data, and field strategic and technical questions. Manage client site digital measurement and testing strategy. Understand and champion actionable attitudinal and behavioral data collection and analysis. Provide an analytical and quantitative methodology for behavioral segmentation for clients. Manage team members and direct reports to complete assigned projects on time and within budget. Mentor and train associate staff. Manage and report on ROI of measurement and optimization programs for client. Synthesize data and create dashboards. What you’ll need: 4-6 years of business web strategy or online marketing background. Agency experience required. Expert at working with online metrics, terminology, industry best practices, and industry trends. Strong familiarity with digital analytics tools, such as Omniture Site Catalyst, Google Analytics, WebTrends, and others. Strong familiarity with optimization and targeting tools, such as Omniture Test & Target, Google Website Optimizer, and others. Ability to define A/B/n and multivariate test scenarios and success metrics. Relentless problem-solving abilities and desire for continued improvement. Experience in actionable analytics and optimization or offline equivalent (media/creative testing, DM list management etc.). Ability to derive and present insights from data with a strong focus on storytelling. Ability to monetize financial gains from optimization projects and to prioritize projects based on ROI impact. Ability to build segments and predictive models based on qualitative and behavioral research. Experience in strategic marketing and/or business management. Experience managing or leading a small team of analysts. About POSSIBLE: POSSIBLE is a creative agency that cares about results. We back up every idea with real-world insights to create work that makes a difference—and makes a measurable impact. With more than 1,500 employees around the globe, POSSIBLE brings results-driven digital solutions to some of the world’s most dynamic brands, including Microsoft, AT &T;, Nestle, P&G;, Adidas, and Turner. By design, we are visionaries, innovators, and pioneers. If that describes you too, then by all means, get in touch—we’d love to work with you. POSSIBLE is a WPP Digital agency. Follow POSSIBLE on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/1915024 ( https://www.linkedin.com/company/1915024 ) Twitter: https://twitter.com/POSSIBLE ( https://twitter.com/POSSIBLE ) Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/POSSIBLE.com ( https://www.facebook.com/POSSIBLE.com ) We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We rely on legitimate interest as a legal basis for processing personal information under the GDPR for purposes of recruitment and applications for employment.