Assures complete and accurate maintenance of key patient data in Strong Health’s information systems for SMH, HH, and URMFG. Exercises a high degree of responsibility, problem-solving ability, analytical skills, initiative, and good judgment in resolving duplicate patient records and missing or erroneous data in patient records, including both the EMR (electronic medical record) and the paper record. Uses a comprehensive knowledge of URMC and HH registration policies and procedures, expertise on registration and clinical information systems, and external sources of patient demographic information, including third party insurance systems. Understands how the various registration and clinical systems interface to troubleshoot and determine the appropriate course of action when errors are identified. Identifies and communicates system, patient and staff concerns to appropriate leadership staff throughout the Health system as it relates to errors in patient identity or incorrect data. Reviews and identifies discrepancies or omissions of information from the various EHR’s. Identified discrepancies or omissions are communicated to the appropriate system contact or responsible individual. Participates in a rotational on-call coverage to provide data integrity support to clinical areas 24x7/365 as needed for patient care needs. Analyzes and determined appropriate course of action, involving other teams as needed to ensure timely and accurate resolution. Is the primary Data Integrity Team contact for ancillary systems. Participates in training with ancillary departments and vendors on data integrity issue resolution processes. Responsibilities: Ability to analyze clinical and demographic information to accurately identify and resolve edits, duplicate MPI entries and patient overlays. Using critical decision making skills, determine and resolves errors in patient data that cause a transaction in the information system(s) to fail, preventing clinical information to be appropriately available for patient care. This includes, but is not limited to the following: Reviewing, researching and editing master patient index information on a daily basis. Utilizing external databases (i.e. insurance databases) to verify master patient index information as necessary. Resolving fatal edits or warnings (caused by mismatched master patient index data elements in registration and clinical systems) received from registration or clinical systems on a daily basis. Reviewing hard copy and electronic patient information to determine if information is similar or dissimilar. Continuously reviewing and editing master patient index data elements to ensure the most accurate and up-to-date patient demographic information. Identifies and corrects duplicate patient records across all information systems affected, including the merge of patient information. Patient information includes clinical, financial, and appointment information. Researches and resolves complex issues of patient identification. This requires utilizing critical analytical and reasoning skills. Handles registration errors and correction, including appropriate feedback to the management staff of the registration area creating error. Communicates and assists with resolving errors in insurance or other financial information. Analyzes demographic and clinical information in multiple systems to ensure accuracy. Utilizes information from multiple systems when researching issues to determine data integrity. Utilizes effective and appropriate communication skills to communicate issues or questions with system contacts. Assists with testing upgrades or new systems in relation to data integrity and merging of clinical information. Reviews daily reports for duplicate medical record numbers, errors in consecutive issuance of medical record numbers and overall integrity of daily additions to the MPI’s. Reviews requests for clinical system access in accordance with established policy. Establishes/revokes system access codes within established guidelines. Identifies, summarizes and provides accuracy data to registration/input areas. Qualifications: Requires 1 year of relevant post High School education or equivalent and 1-2 years of related experience. Prefer College graduate, prefer a computer or Health Information degree program and two years related work experience in a clinical setting or equivalent combination of education and experience. Familiarity with HBOC, Flowcast, On Base, and eRecord are preferred. How To Apply All applicants must apply online. _EOE Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Disabled_