TruckTrax TruckTrax is a software development company supporting the construction industry. Our company is undergoing a complete re-write to update current software. We are looking for talented, energetic people to support that new challenge. TruckTrax is a subsidiary of CalPortland. We are a “family” based company with competitive compensation and excellent benefits. Job Summary: We are looking for a talented Automation Architect who can apply their skills and experienced to build and run a world class SaaS environment, hosted in AWS. In this role, you will grow to become the primary decision maker and implementation expert, working closely with our Architect and development teams. The ideal candidate will have experience in supporting infrastructure tools, automating software deployments and improving the continuous integration process in addition to working closely with the agile engineering teams to ensure products are secure, highly available and scalable. This position offers an outstanding opportunity for a highly-motivated individual who possesses a solid deployment and operations services background. The ideal candidate possesses strong problem-solving skills and a breadth of industry best-practices knowledge in AWS-hosted tools and infrastructure. The TruckTrax Fleet Management products are being re-imagined as we embark on a two-year mission to complete a new application suite using the Amazon cloud technologies in combination with mobile tablets, hardware interfaces, and IoT devices and sensors. We are looking for a strong Automation Architect who enjoys being on the ground floor of an exciting development effort where every person plays a significant role – and we win as a team! Duties: Manage the AWS environments and tools, planning for growth as you administer the AWS resource groups, users, roles, policies, and security Support our need for always improving the Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery practices Continuous monitoring and analysis of running environments (dev, staging, production.). Performance monitoring using New Relic. Manage certifications, keys and domain names for the environments in AWS, track and implement updates and security patches Backup and recovery best practices and policy setting Keep the tools in our toolbelt updated and ready to use Amazon AWS, EC2, S3, IAM, Load Balancers, ElasticSearch, SNS, CodePipeline, Lambda, Microservices, Nexus, Kubernetes Git, Jenkins, Swagger, Docker, New Relic PostgreSQL, NoSQL, React, React Native for Android, Java, JUnit, Java Spring, Rest-Assured HP Education: Undergraduate degree or MS in Computer Science, Engineering or related field Requirements/Qualifications: Minimum of 3 years’ experience as a DevOps Engineer/Automation Architect, Software Engineer, or equivalent roles with progressive responsibilities Experience with Windows and Linux operating systems and administration Experienced in administrating the AWS tools, EC2, S3, ECS, and IAM configurations Extensive knowledge in one or more RDBMS (Postgres, NoSQL, MongoDB) Strong interpersonal communication skills, working with agile team members, architects, and management Proven ability to learn new technologies in a constantly growing AWS platform Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with production support and root cause analysis Preferred: Experience with load and performance monitoring with New Relic or similar platform Supporting batch, real-time, and interactive data management processes Knowledge of security threats and patching procedures Conditions of Employment: Successful candidate must submit to post offer pre-employment physical examination, drug/alcohol screen and background check. Some positions require FMCSA regulated on-going drug and alcohol testing.