Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. Facebook is seeking a Chemical Engineer experienced in the design and operations of Critical Facilities to become part of our data center Operations team. Our data centers are the foundation upon which our software operates with efficient ease. These data centers leverage adiabatic cooling processes with evaporative water systems and are critical to the day-to-day operation of the data center. The Facility Operations team designs and ensures our highly reliable environment is supported. The ideal candidate shall be able to work both broadly leading critical projects cross-functionally, as well as work independently through deep dives and expert analyses. This position is full- time and located in our Menlo Park office. RESPONSIBILITIES Lead chemical engineering activities and projects for the Facilities infrastructure operations team including working cross-functionally with design teams, construction, field operations, vendors, sustainability, EH&S; and R&D.; Trouble shoot and establish corrective actions for designs and implementation. Conduct regular analyses and audits of mechanical and water system utilization. Develop effective measurements and reports from BMS and other monitoring systems to increase performance and reliability. Provide guidance to facility engineers on operational optimization and correction to any issues they are having. Review "as-built" mechanical documentation and verify accuracy. Investigate actual site conditions and update records. Develop and generate specifications, procedures, trainings, RFPs, ROMs and SOWs for projects. Evaluate facility processes and industry best practices to drive efficiencies and effectiveness. Travel to Data Center sites for various projects including: engineering studies, water systems audits, startup testing, and full commissioning. Travel approximately 30%. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS BS or MS degree in Chemical Engineering, Chemistry or other related field 3+ years operational experience with water treatment systems Knowledge in airflow and water distribution systems, including reverse osmosis (RO) plants and pretreatment processes (water softening and filtration) Knowledge and experience with fluid handling systems and water distribution equipment Knowledge of evaporative cooling and water requirements through different mass transfer methods Experience correlating incoming water quality to operations Knowledge of complete critical facility systems such as electrical power distribution, fuel oil distribution, and life safety systems Knowledge navigating Building Management System programs (Alerton and Siemens) Knowledge with HVAC systems, chilled water systems, condenser water systems, pump controls, Glycols, AHU units (DX, split, RTU, CRAC), and hot/cold aisle containment Troubleshooting and analytical experience Communication and reporting experience Knowledge with AutoCAD and Visio software Experience driving projects PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS 5+ years operational experience with water treatment systems