Responsibilities Meritage Homes is looking for a Middleware Developer who will be responsible for the constant development, integration, and maintenance of the internal business systems. The Middleware Developer is a hands-on professional responsible for systems analysis, design, architecture, development, testing, implementation, documentation, and support of technical solutions within the internal systems and ancillary business applications. The primary focus for this role will involve creating technical requirements from business and functional requirements all the way through development and deployment to the production environment. The ideal candidate has strong experience working within an agile development environment and experience in standard project methodologies. The Middleware Developer collaborates with business analysts and business leads to design and develop business solutions supporting the finance, purchasing, sales, customer relationship management, and construction functions. The Middleware Developer will: Maintain a clear history of code through the use of source control tools Build scalable solutions and ‘smart’ code that can be reused in the future Self-manage and/or manage vendors on multiple projects simultaneously Support the first and second line support teams to resolve challenging escalated issues Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in a technical or business related field; equivalent experience may be substituted for a degree. Minimum of 3 years’ experience with software development experience Minimum of 3 years’ experience with IBM App Connect Pro (a.k.a. Cast Iron) for related technologies such as Informatica, Boomi, MuleSoft, etc. Knowledge and exposure to Cloud Integration concepts & fundamentals Middleware Development and Support SOA design principles Strong knowledge in working with RESTful APIs and Web-services technologies (XML, SOAP, REST, XSLT). Experience on Integration appliances\Hypervisor & related technologies (IBM App Connect Pro (a.k.a. Cast Iron), IBM DataPower). Monitor integration logs and take appropriate action _Preferred_ Experience with Salesforce Service Cloud Databases (Oracle, MSSQL, IBM DB2) JavaScript Overview From the homes we build to the careers we offer, we’re about doing things that actually make a difference in your life and the way you live. Meritage Homes is a thriving company that believes in building beautiful, incredibly innovative and energy-efficient homes people adore. We were the first national top 10 homebuilder to have every home we build be 100% ENERGY STAR® certified. And with more than 100,000 homes built, our focus, since day one, has been to build incredible new homes and communities in prime locations for fantastic prices. But more than anything, we build energy-efficient homes and communities for people who appreciate a home being built the way it can, and should, be built. And for the staff at Meritage Homes that make this all possible, we believe in having the same standards of quality and reward that make for an enjoyable career. When joining Meritage Homes, you and your career can benefit in a number of ways, including: An entrepreneurial work environment that encourages creativity and innovative ideas from every level A competitive drive to be the best Pride in delivering a quality product that benefits people and the environment, superior service, and exceptional value Top-notch benefits The opportunity to further your career in a growing national organization Team atmosphere where every individual is considered a vital asset