Job Description The VMware on AWS Organization has the need for a Director of Public Sector Cloud Operations. This is a newly formed team, and it will be your responsibility to build and define requirements, process and the team itself. She or he will lead all operations activities for the VMware on AWS GovCloud offering and will have all duties and authorities commensurate with the position. This position will work closely with the VP of Cloud Operations, senior engineering leadership and product management. Major responsibilities In this role, you’ll own 724 operations and administration of our production cloud service to ensure reliability, recoverability and optimum performance for our public sector customers Deliver service availability at or greater than 99.9% uptime in the cloud at specified concurrency and performance levels. Provide architectural mentorship for system and service design to improve security, scalability, reliability and flexibility of our growing AWS cloud footprint Management of AWS experts and operations engineers including goal setting, performance management, coaching, mentoring and development planning. Build best-in-class solutions for the overall monitoring, alerting, management and critical incident management Lead a team tasked with implementation and operations of a cloud datacenter infrastructure, datacenter administration, servers, storage, networks, and operations that support the applications and business processes as required. Deploy and utilize automation tools to minimize human operational requirements. Create, run and report against critical metrics for the platform’s operation, overseeing all platform change management and deployment activities. Implement and maintain full operational compliance against various security and compliance requirements Consistently improve performance and reliability as the platform scales, driving continuous improvement through operational metrics. Ideal Qualifications Has extensive operational and software development leadership experience focused on building large scale Cloud infrastructure solutions. 10 years in the public Cloud consumer or enterprise space, focusing on SaaS, PaaS, and/or ideally IaaS. Has current technical knowledge of leading Cloud ecosystems, and an inspiring track record of innovative DevOps and tooling development leadership. Has demonstrated high EQ while building and managing complex engineering and DevOps organizations under highly stressful situations (extremely tight deadlines, global scale solutions, multicultural group with layers of engineering management and multiple locations). Strong execution focus, with a sense of urgency in solving problems as they occur. Has real breadth of operations and engineering experience across disciplines and is conversant up and down the tech stack: Networking, storage, compute operations, as well as infrastructure services, and VMware components (vSphere, NSX, vSAN, etc.) US Citizen required, prior/present security clearances from Public Trust to the Top Secret preferred. Experience with FedRAMP preferred.