Provides oversight, direction, development, problem resolution and leadership for the Client Analytics program. The program responsibilities include: transforming data into meaningful and actionable information for various customer segments; defining and driving an analytic strategy focused on revenue growth through the sale and retention of products to existing key accounts. Provides strategic management, development, and coordination of analytics in various customer segments to improve customer satisfaction, retain business, and increase new and and renewal sales. Essential Job Functions and Responsibilities Create a strategic client analytic program for all lines of business with emphasis on account relationships, retention, and effective sales of new / ancillary products. Develop a compelling and mutually beneficial strategy using analytics and industry knowledge to ensure customers are on most appropriate platform and yield the highest possible gain. Consult and coordinate with various internal departments, external Blue Plans, or business partners and government agencies. Serve as an internal and external consultant to help define client analytic needs and to help end users and clients interpret and apply analytic results. Explore relevant data sources to understand what metrics can potentially be produced. Prepare succinct, easy to understand presentations of results and conclusions. Partner with marketing to create presentations that combine data with value proposition messaging and program descriptions to highlight the value of various programs and highlight opportunities. Work with sales on benchmark meetings, ensuring that benchmark data and accompanying presentation materials are complete and aligned with the strategic needs of the account. Attend client benchmark meeting and provide meeting, presentation and analysis support. Analyze, interpret and communicate information and present results in formats that facilitate decisions and actions. Aid in the development of new performance measurement tools and approaches and maintain up-to-date knowledge of emerging measurement standards. Evaluate analytical findings to ensure accurate interpretation of data and development of meaningful data mining results. Effectively summarize and present findings to Business Segment and Executive Leadership that drive business decisions. Identify/Create business tools and analytical solutions to address business issues. Direct, evaluate, define and improve the quality, quantity and timeliness standards to achieve individual and department performance goals as defined within department guidelines. Review, update and maintain accuracy of department documentation, computer files, policies and procedures related to the department goals and objectives. Keep staff informed of new or updated standards, systems, procedures, forms and manuals through staff meetings and verbal and written communications. Provide guidance, motivation and encouragement to staff, conduct performance evaluations, identify and coordinate training needs, and evaluate and make recommendations in regard to employment decisions. The position requires a full-time work schedule. Full- time is defined as working at least 40 hours per week, plus any additional hours as requested or as needed to meet business requirements. Perform all other duties as assigned. Employment Requirements Required Work Experience 10 years of experience in data analytics 10 years of experience working in health insurance 7 years of experience in client analytics with a specific focus on strategic relationships Required Education Bachelor’s Degree in business, mathematics, statistics, healthcare administration or related field of study Required Licenses Valid Arizona driver license with acceptable driving record (All Levels) Preferred Work Experience 15 years of experience in data analytics 15 years of experience working in health insurance 10 years of experience in client analytics with a specific focus on strategic relationships Preferred Education Master’s Degree in business, mathematics, computer science, or related field of study Preferred Certifications SAS Certification Required Job Skills Intermediate PC proficiency Advanced proficiency in database, spreadsheet, statistical analysis, query / data mining, and business intelligence software Advanced skill in project management Required Professional Competencies Maintain confidentiality and privacy Communicate professionally to both internal and external customers Analytical skills in observing and documenting processes at a detailed level Proficiency in process improvement and business process design Analyze and research data, propose solutions to resolve issues Ability to translate data reports into digestible and understandable formats Build strong client rapport Apply strategic direction to area of responsibility Ability to use a variety of classification tools and manipulate large quantities of data Establish, contribute and maintain a positive and productive work environment Ability to plan, organize and manage the work of all assigned personnel Advanced knowledge of HRIS systems, employment law, and HR regulations Required Leadership Experience and Competencies Ability to optimize resources to ensure a cost effective operation. Includes proactively planning to move staff from one role to another as staffing needs, business priorities or workload changes. Ability to build efffective teams Ability to implement new processes and procedures. Preferred Job Skills Expert proficiency in database, spreadsheet, statistical analysis, query / data mining, business intelligence software i ncluding SAS, and data visualization tools, such as Visual Analytics and/or Tableau. Advanced proficiency with SAS, SAS Macros, SAS OLAP Preferred Leadership Experience and Competencies Ability to establish and maintain professional relationships with community and professional groups which reflect favorably for the department and BCBSAZ