Reporting to the Vice President of Talent Management and Organizational Effectiveness for Beaumont Health, this position is responsible for leading and supporting organizational effectiveness activities across the organization. This position will provide consultation and lead various efforts related to the design, planning and implementation of system-wide organizational effectiveness processes, including workforce strategy, performance management, succession planning, change management, organizational design, leader assessment, and system-wide development strategies. ESSENTIAL DUTIES: Provides consultative services to the onsite HR team and leaders on change management, leadership coaching, assessment and development planning performance excellence (performance management, succession planning, professional development, team effectiveness, and other talent management processes), organizational design, workforce strategy, and culture change. Identifies business needs and opportunities to improve talent management processes in conjunction with other human resources teams and senior leadership. Serves as the primary process owner and primary subject matter expert within talent management. Oversees the design and implementation of system-wide succession planning processes, including the development of succession documents, talent profiles, analytics and reporting. Collaborates with onsite HR teams to ensure successful implementation. Leads the design and implementation of system-wide performance management tools & processes ensuring that it aligns with the Beaumont Health philosophy. Collaborates with learning & development on design and delivery of training. Works with senior leadership and other human resources teams to design and implement processes. Identifies and analyzes organizational effectiveness opportunities and recommend initiatives that address opportunities based on business strategy. Researches latest development in management, leadership, and organization effectiveness areas and keep abreast to serve as a subject matter expert and consult to organization regarding critical people issues. Develops and maintains leadership and staff competency models that facilitate the assessment of overall performance. STANDARD QUALIFICATIONS: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential duties. A. Education / Training: Requires a Bachelor's degree in organizational development, human resources or related area. In addition, a Master's degree or relevant work experience in a related area is preferred. B. Work Experience: Requires a minimum of eight years of organizational development or talent management experience that includes experiences in workforce strategy, succession management, professional development and performance management C. Certification, Licensure, Registration: Preferred certifications in change management or executive coaching or other OE disciplines. D. Other Qualifications: Strong writing, communication, interpersonal and analytical skills required.