Job Summary The LA Clippers are looking to hire a Basketball Data Analyst who will work closely with members of the front office, coaching staff, health/performance staff, as well as the entire Basketball Operations department to analyze, interpret, forecast, visualize, and report on basketball related data to help indecision-making. To be successful in this role, you will have a technical background in a mathematics, computer science, statistics, or related field(s). The ideal candidate will have a technical background in a mathematics, computer science, statistics, or related field(s). Principal Duties and Responsibilities Advanced modeling and analysis based on available data Analyze basketball related data to predict future team/player performance, quantify past player/team performance, and forecast future matchup outcomes Develop recommendations and help solve problems across the Basketball Operations department and help in the creation of tools to streamline processes. Manipulate, visualize, and analyze large data sets Assist in database maintenance and data cleansing Design, improve, and maintain ongoing metrics, reports, analyses, dashboards, etc. Support gathering of additional data for ad-hoc analysis as needed Innovate across all aspects of Basketball Operations Collaborate effectively on team projects and work autonomously on individual work as appropriate Communicate results to the Basketball Operations staff through presentations, written reports, and tools Qualification Requirements Experience with varied programming and scripting languages (Python, C++, Java, Ruby, Perl, C, VBA, …) Statistical expertise and experience with statistical software (R, SciPy, SAS, Stata, ROOT, Matlab/Octave, …) Solid experience with Bayesian analysis, experimental design, linear regression, logistic regression, non-linear regression, hidden Markov models, k-means clustering, decision trees, artificial intelligence, and other advanced techniques Experience with SQL Databases & Database Management Data Mining & Big Data expertise Experience with data visualization (Tableau, Shiny, …) and/or web design is valued, but not required Able to work under stress and meet hard deadlines Open to learning new programming languages and data visualization techniques Knowledge of basketball data and basketball statistics Punctual, responsible, and able to multi-task and communicate effectively in a fast-paced environment Able to work long hours on short notice, weekends, and nights as needed Experience with Rest APIs data warehousing and processing large JSON and XML files is valued, but not required Equal Opportunity Statement The LA Clippers are an equal opportunity employer. It is the Clipper’s desire and intent that all employees enjoy a professional business working environment that is free from discrimination and harassment.