Req ID: 20369 Shift: Days Employment Status: AF - Active - Regular - Full Time Job Summary The Data Scientist in The Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia’s Department of Biomedical and Health Informatics will contribute to the design, implementation, and analysis of predictive and explanatory models for pediatric healthcare research. The individual will develop models using quantitative methods with an emphasis on machine learning techniques for projects that integrate heterogeneous and high-dimensional data types including but not limited to structured electronic health record data, unstructured text, and physiological time series measurements. The Data Scientist will participate in a collaborative research environment of data scientists, clinicians, and basic scientists to formulate study design, select methods, and interpret results. Additionally, the Data Scientist will communicate research methods, implementation, and results to a varied audience of clinicians, scientists, and analysts/programmers, as well as contribute to academic dissemination activities such as manuscript writing and conference presentations. A strong background in advanced machine learning methods including Bayesian methods, probabilistic graphical models, or deep learning is desired. A basic background in life sciences is helpful but not required. The successful candidate will be highly creative, able to work independently and as an interdisciplinary team member, and have good organizational skills and attention to detail. Most of all, we are looking for people who share our eagerness to develop novel ways of advancing child health using data. Summary: Perform exploratory data analysis and predictive modeling in pediatric biomedical research using machine learning, statistical, and mathematical analysis incorporating heterogeneous and complex data types under direct supervision. Contribute to assessing and implementing computational, algorithmic, and predictive analytics approaches to address assigned biomedical research questions in areas such as clinical decision support and population health surveillance. With guidance, contribute to the experimental design, execution, test and critical evaluation of methods as applied to translational data science research projects. Use a flexible, analytical approach to extract optimal value from biomedical data. Contribute to design and conduct of continuous validation plans for production systems that incorporate models and algorithms, providing guidelines and support for large-scale implementation. Job Responsibilities Implement computational algorithms and experiments for test and evaluation; interprets data to assess algorithm performance. Develop high-quality code implementing models and algorithms as application programming interfaces or other service-oriented software implementations. Participate in communication of research methods, implementation, and results to varied audience of clinicians, scientists, analysts, and programmers. Work closely with applications research group to translate models and algorithms into engineered production applications. Contribute to manuscript writing for results publication, authors abstracts, and presents at professional conferences. Required Education and Experience Required Education: Bachelors in Analytics, Data Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or a related field. Preferred Education, Experience & Cert/Lic Preferred Education: Masters in Analytics, Data Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or a related field. Non-degree graduate coursework such as a graduate certificate in Analytics, Statistics, or Data Science preferred. Preferred Experience: At least one (1) year of experience with progressively more complex data science, applied statistics, machine learning, or mathematical modeling projects Additional Technical Requirements Technical Requirements: 1\. Experience and demonstrated ability acquiring new technical/analytic skills and domain knowledge to support successful contribution to research and development projects is required. 2\. Experience using existing machine learning and analytic tools such as ScikitLearn, PyTorch, TensorFlow, Pyro, Edward, R, in either applied educational or professional projects is required. 3\. Experience with Bayesian statistics, probabilistic graphical models is preferred. 4\. Experience with deep learning models is preferred. 5\. Experience with time-series data modeling is preferred. 6\. Experience writing code in either applied educational or professional projects using one or more of the following languages: Python, R, Scala is required. 7\. Familiarity with relational databases (e.g. Postgres, MySQL) strongly preferred. 8\. Familiarity RESTful web services application programming interfaces preferred. 9\. Strong verbal and written communications skills with the demonstrated ability to explain complex technical concepts to a lay audience. 10\. Applied statistics or mathematical modeling experience preferred. 11\. Natural language processing experience particularly in the biological and medical domains preferred. 12\. Experience using distributed computing technologies (e.g. MPI, Cuda) preferred. All CHOP employees who work in a patient building or who provide patient care are required to receive an annual influenza vaccine unless they are granted a medical or religious exemption. Children's Hospital of Philadelphia is committed to providing a safe and healthy environment for its patients, family members, visitors and employees. In an effort to achieve this goal, employment at Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, other than for positions with regularly scheduled hours in New Jersey, is contingent upon an attestation that the job applicant does not use tobacco products or nicotine in any form and a negative nicotine screen (the latter occurs after a job offer). Children's Hospital of Philadelphia is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, religion, national or ethnic origin, disability or protected veteran status. VEVRAA Federal Contractor/Seeking priority referrals for protected veterans. Please contact our hiring official with any referrals or questions. CHOP Careers Contact Talent Acquisition 2716 South Street, 6th Floor Philadelphia, PA 19146 Phone: 866-820-9288 Email: TalentAcquisition@email.chop.edu