Incumbent serves as an IT Specialist (Customer Support), you will provide a variety of Information Technology (IT) customer support services essential to the effective performance of Veterans Administration (VA) Systems. The work involves the planning and delivery of technical support services, including troubleshooting, installation, removals, moves, systems knowledge and assistance in response to customer requirements. Duties include, but are not limited to: Ensuring Help Desk tracking and IT asset Information is accurate. Ensuring organized data closets when adding or removing patch cabling. Supporting telecommunications systems configurations related to Moves, Adds, and Changes (MAC). Diagnosing and resolving problems in response to customer reported incidents. Investigating and recommending purchase of tools and technologies to improve responsiveness to customer requirements. Managing moves and/installations of IT equipment to assure coordination of IT support and customer service. Providing feedback on problematic trends and patterns in technical support to team leads and/or supervisor. Developing and maintaining problem tracking and resolution databases ensuring accurate records are filed. Installing and configuring VA approved software applications. Work Schedule: Monday thru Friday; 7-3:30 p.m., 7:30 - 4:00 p.m. or 8 - 4:30 p.m. This position supports 24/7 operations throughout the calendar year. Work hours are primarily during the day shift; however, occasional work is required during nights, weekends and/or holidays. The shift may be changed depending on the needs of the service or the facility. Position Description Title/PD: 15264A IT Specialist (Customer Support) Physical Requirements: The work is both sedentary and active. Duties may require lifting, carting and carrying computer equipment such as monitors and printers weighing 20-40 pounds. There may be limited crawling under/over/behind desks and through various types of furniture to gain access to equipment in need of repair. The work is performed in the facility's computer repair workroom and in various business and/or clinical settings. There is some exposure to circuitry of electronic equipment during bench-top or on-site analysis of problems or testing. In the latter situation, the employee must apply knowledge and reasonable precautions to and personal injury or damage to the equipment. Promotion Potential: The selectee may be promoted to the full performance level without further competition when all regulatory, qualification, and performance requirements are met. Selection at a lower grade level does not guarantee promotion to the full performance level. Occasional travel may be required on short notice. To qualify for this position, applicants must meet all requirements by the closing date of this announcement. The IT Specialist series 2210 has a Basic Requirement. The qualification standard allows eligibility through meeting either the requirements through Education or Experience. Applicants must MEET the Basic Education Requirement OR the IT related experience AND the Specialized experience listed below to qualify for this position. NOTE: Transcripts are required at the time of application if basing your eligibility on education . BASIC REQUIREMENT: Education: Graduate Education: Degree in computer science, engineering, information science, information systems management, mathematics, operations research, statistics, or technology management or degree that provided a minimum of 24 semester hours in one or more of the fields identified above and required the development or adaptation of applications, systems or networks. GS- 09 (or equivalent) - Master's degree or equivalent graduate degree or 2 full years of progressively higher level graduate education leading to a Master's degree or equivalent graduate degree. GS-09 grade level: One year of specialized experience (equivalent to the GS-07 grade level in the federal service); experience that equipped the applicant with the particular knowledge, skills and abilities (KSA's) and other characteristics to perform successfully the duties of the position, and that is typically in or related to the work of the position to be filled, in the normal line of progression for the occupation in the organization. Examples of specialized experience would include: applying customer support concepts and methods; installing operating systems, network systems, applications, protocols, and equipment; and the Information Technology infrastructure sufficient to serve as senior customer technical analyst responsible for resolving the most complex customer problems; applying customer support concepts and practices and new customer support technologies sufficient to evaluating and reporting on new information technology tools and trends related to customer support services; recommending purchase of new tools to enhance the delivery of customer support services; applying customer support concepts and methods; procedures for troubleshooting and recovering systems and files; and customer organizations Information Technology infrastructures sufficient to review, validate, and standardize problem resolutions for inclusion in the problem resolution database; possessing in depth knowledge of the organization's Information Technology infrastructure; Information Technology security principles and skill in applying customer support concepts and methods sufficient to install, configure, and test software on customer workstations and peripheral devices; applying Information Technology methods and procedures for documenting problem resolution, troubleshooting and data analysis techniques as well as coordinating customer support activities sufficient to receive, responding to and ensuring complete resolution of complex Issues beyond what a Help Desk can resolve. AND In addition to the specialized experience described above, you must have IT- related experience in each of the following four competencies listed below which must be supported by the information contained in your resume and other application materials. ATTENTION TO DETAIL: Reviews moderately complex data from multiple sources and determine relevant information to a given situation. Drafts, edits, and disseminates written reports and status updates that are factual, timely and relatively error free. CUSTOMER SERVICE: Maintains relationships with customers with diverse needs. Provides moderately technical or complex information about products and services. Assesses customers' needs and identifies products and/or services to meet their needs. Resolves fairly complex or non-routine problems, questions, or complaints; directs the most complex problems, questions, or complaints to the appropriate person. ORAL COMMUNICATION: Communicates, explains or defends complex information technology ideas and information clearly and adapts to the audiences level of knowledge. Thoughts are well organized. Listens to others, and recognizes potential miscommunications. PROBLEM SOLVING: Uses logic to identify alternatives to solve complex or sensitive technological problems; anticipates problems and identifies and evaluates potential sources of information and generates alternatives to solve problems where precedents do not exist.Experience must be IT related and refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religions; spiritual; community; student; social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience. Preferred Certification: Applicant should have ITIL Foundations (v3 or 2011), CompTIA A+, Network+, and Security + certifications. Please provide a copy of each certification. Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religions; spiritual; community; student; social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience. None Documents Accepted: Cover Letter DD-214 OF-306 Other Other Veterans Document Resume SF-15 SF-50 Transcript Documents Required: Resume Please review the above list(s) to ensure you have included all necessary documents required for your application.Not every applicant will require the same documents, therefore it is the applicants responsibility to ensure that their application package includes all necessary documents to determine qualifications and eligibility for appointment, such as a copy of your SF-50, transcript, ICTAP/CTAP documentation (for displaced Federal employees). _You will not be contacted for additional information._ Applicants will be deemed ineligible if supporting documentation is not submitted. Veterans' Preference: Since the Direct-Hire Recruitment Authority is being used, traditional Veterans' Preference rules do not apply. Qualified veterans will, however, be given full consideration for this position. Applications are accepted online. Applying online will allow you to review and track the status of your application.