Matson Logistics is a leading provider of multimodal transportation, warehousing, and distribution services throughout North America. Known for our innovative solutions and financial strength and stability, Matson Logistics' people, processes and systems work together to deliver superior performance and value to our customers every day. Responsible for ensuring that all shipping and receiving documents are completed accurately and in a timely fashion. Communicates with customers as required, and in conjunction with customers’ Traffic Departments, develops inbound and outbound schedules. Accountabilities Inbound/Outbound Freight- In conjunction with customers’ Traffic Departments schedule all inbound and outbound freight to comply with the warehouses operations and capacities. Records - Ensure the accuracy of all receiving and shipping documents. Gather and maintain all data and records relative to shipping and receiving activities. Assure orders and shipping quantities match picking documents. Assist in resolving any discrepancies. Collect all documentation for inbound freight and route to the proper record keeping unit. Pallet Control - Direct and oversee the pallet control and exchange program. Comply with all Company rules, policies, and procedures. Work and behave safely by following all safety rules and regulations. Perform any task required to support customer requirements and Company goals. Other Specifications Other Points to Cover: Aid with or complete special projects at the discretion of the Operations Lead or Operations Supervisor. Ensure good security processes are followed with regard to the front desk (driver and visitor sign in). Essential Skills, Education, and Experience Five (5) or more years of related Warehousing & Distribution leadership experience and/or training. This related experience may be substituted for degree; or equivalent combination of education, training, and experience. Proven track record of successful innovation experience in Warehousing & Distribution. Analytical - Synthesizes complex or diverse information; collects and researches data; uses intuition and experience to complement data; designs work flows and procedures. Problem Solving - Identifies and resolves problems in a timely manner; gathers and analyzes information skillfully; develops alternative solutions; works well in group problem solving situations; uses reason even when dealing with emotional topics. Oral Communication - Speaks clearly and persuasively in positive or negative situations; listens and gets clarification; responds well to questions; demonstrates group presentation skills; participates in meetings. Teamwork - Gives and welcomes feedback; contributes to building a positive team spirit; able to build morale and group commitments to goals and objectives; supports everyone's efforts to succeed. Strategic Thinking - Understands organization's strengths & weaknesses; identifies external threats and opportunities; adapts strategy to changing conditions. Planning/Organizing - Prioritizes and plans work activities; uses time efficiently; plans for additional resources; sets goals and objectives; organizes or schedules other people and their tasks; develops realistic action plans. Quality - Demonstrates accuracy and thoroughness; looks for ways to improve and promote quality; applies feedback to improve performance; monitors own work to ensure quality. Adaptability - Adapts to changes in the work environment; manages competing demands; changes approach or method to best fit the situation; able to deal with frequent change, delays, or unexpected events. Dependability - Follows instructions and responds to management direction; takes responsibility for own actions; keeps commitments; commits to long hours of work when necessary to reach goals; completes tasks on time or notifies appropriate person with an alternate plan. Innovation - Develops innovative approaches and ideas; presents ideas and information in a manner that gets others' attention. Nonessential Skills, Education and Experience Other Qualifications Including Travel Ideal candidate will possess a proven track record of leadership, growth and innovation in the Warehousing & Distribution. Position will travel as necessary to various MLW locations, clients, carriers, etc. Physical Demands and Work Environment The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Physical Demands: While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to talk or hear. The employee is frequently required to stand, walk, sit, use hands to finger, handle, or feel and reach with hands and arms. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 20 pounds. The employee is required to ask for assistance from co-workers, Supervisors or Management when lifting and/or moving any object, regardless of weight, where personal injury may occur. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, and ability to adjust focus. Work Environment: The noise level in the work environment is usually quiet to moderate. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, color, religion, national origin, protected veteran status, or on the basis of disability. Matson is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce. Applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), age, sexual orientation, national origin, marital status, parental status, ancestry, disability, AIDS/HIV status, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, genetic information, other distinguishing characteristics of diversity and inclusion, or any other protected status. Qualified applicants with arrest and/or conviction records will be considered for employment in a manner consistent with federal and state laws, as well as applicable local ordinances, including, but not limited to, the San Francisco and Los Angeles Fair Chance Ordinances.