Who We Are: Twitter’s Global Shared Services is an organizationally centralized, yet globally distributed, team providing critical operational support for the Twitter Revenue organization. The team’s mission is to help drive the success of Twitter advertisers, partners and business units through delivery high quality and efficient operations. We partner closely with a wide range of internal teams to provide prompt and thorough customer support for Twitter Ads customers, enforce advertising policy across our platform and help internal sellers work efficiently and effectively. As a member of our team, you will have the opportunity to gain experience with multiple aspects of the operations behind Twitter’s Revenue and Partnerships Organization and to build partnerships with people across the business. What You’ll Do: Global Shared Services team members are expected to learn quickly, adapt readily and be eager to challenge themselves to learn new workflows and support different areas of the business. We seek to maximize the exposure team members have to the various Twitter workflows and business teams by rotating people to new focus areas from time to time. The timing of such transitions and the allocation of time across workflows will vary based on business need and individual preferences and capabilities. As a member of Global Shared Services your initial focus will be on helping Twitter’s internal Sales team work efficiently and effectively. You will serve as a ‘first-line’ escalation point for members of the Twitter Sales team that have questions about the Ads products, require administrative changes on client accounts or are reporting systems issues on a customer’s behalf. Responsibilities: Become an expert on the Twitter Ads products. Understand how they work and how to unlock their full potential to deliver upon one’s business objectives. Resolve issues clearly and thoughtfully via online chat and email. Ask the right questions and taking the time to craft clear, thorough responses. Assist customers with troubleshooting product issues, reporting them to the appropriate teams and offering suggestions for interim solutions. Manage workflow to meet and exceed defined service level agreements. Identify opportunities for increased efficiency and continually improving our process design and tooling. Who You Are: Requirements: Excellent verbal and written communication in English and comfortable with online communication tools. Ability to work quickly and accurately in a fast-paced, deadline driven environment Highly self-motivated and well-organized Detail-oriented, focused, motivated, able to adapt to an ever-changing environment Ability to multi-task, prioritize among many demands and work with minimal supervision Exceptionally resourceful; fearless in mining available knowledge bases to find answers Data driven, technical, proactive and curious Demonstrated ability to effectively work with, guide and mentor others A passion for technology and problem solving Flexibility is required as you might be asked to work late shifts or weekends. Preference will be given to candidates with: Experience using Salesforce CRM tool Additional (non-English) languages Experience with content review, policy and/or enforcement Expertise in Excel, data analysis, and modeling Experience working in a customer/client-facing environment Experience with online advertising, analytics and social media