The Senior Data Engineer role works on the Enterprise Data Warehouse team. The Enterprise Data Warehouse (EDW) team provides analytical experiences through secure, consistent and trusted data that empowers our users to make impactful decisions. That information is consumed by teams at all levels of the organization and also by CHR customers. This team creates ongoing value for the business through iterative development/delivery, and working on continuous improvement within an Agile environment. The Senior Data Engineer role is focused on leading and developing data solutions for the business that answer critical strategic questions and enhance our trading partner reporting platforms. They partner with the Architect in setting standards and designing solutions and partner with the business to define solutions and KPIs for the business. The Senior Data Engineer is expected to mentor and help junior developers grow. Responsibilities: Build strong relationships with customers and internal partners Execute day-to-day transportation needs, including scheduling, tracking and tracing shipments, and communicating status updates with the broader team Identify issues, utilize resources to determine the best course of action, and implement solutions Partner with Account Managers to understand customer processes and identify areas for improvement Respond to customer inquiries and provide updates in a timely manner Maintain daily reporting schedule utilizing internal systems Generate and maintain up-to-date and accurate customer records and shipment documentation Qualifications: Required 5 years of experience with SQL Server 4 years of experience in the collection and organization of data. 4 years of experience coding an ETL tool to load a data warehouse or create a data store. 4 years of experience in performance tuning in a SQL environment. 4 years of experience with Microsoft SSIS 3 years of experience working with database objects 3 years of experience with Analysis Services Experience in Dimensional, Entity-Relationship, Tabular models and OLAP data modeling. Proven track record in delivering in an agile environment, while managing multiple priorities Practical Experience with test driven development (TDD) and Continuous Integration/ContinuousDeployment (CI/CD) Skilled with GIT and GITHub or comparable distributed version control system Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Travel up to 10% Education Undergraduate degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or other related field or 4 years of equivalent work experience Benefits We offer a competitive compensation package and excellent benefits including medical, dental, and vision insurance, prescription drug coverage, paid holidays and vacation, disability insurance, life insurance, 401K with company match, profit sharing, Employee Stock Purchase Plan, and the opportunity to prosper in a Fortune 500 company. About C.H. Robinson Become a part of our team of over 500 talented IT Professionals. Work in collaborative, Agile development environment. Find continuing challenges and work with committed leaders. Stay with us – we’re large enough to build global solutions, but small enough to make real impacts as individuals. C.H. Robinson—accelerating careers with immense opportunities and professional growth within the global supply chain industry. Start here. Accelerate here. Every individual working at C.H. Robinson is integral to the success of our customers and our company. C.H. Robinson is a Fortune 500, global company that values teamwork, initiative, accountability, and integrity from its employees. We work globally and innovate daily to enhance and execute supply chains that move goods around the world. The fast pace of the logistics industry translates into a high-energy and collaborative workplace environment. We are empowered to make decisions, help our customers grow, and accelerate our careers. No matter the product being shipped or from which corner of the globe, C.H. Robinson can help make it happen—quickly, securely, and reliably. Through personal connections and solid relationships, our employees use their in-depth knowledge, robust tools, and global network to help customers reach their goals quickly. Whether shipping by plane, rail, ship, or truck, C.H. Robinson has the knowledge, flexibility, and dedication to deliver the goods that make our world go ‘round. Join the 12,000 employees worldwide who are accelerating their careers at C.H. Robinson. Equal Opportunity Employer C.H. Robinson - Affirmative Action Employer/EOE/M/F/Disabled/Veteran LI-MM1