Job Description As the IT Analyst, you will leverage process and technology skills, documentation tools and data to assess, design, configure and support the enterprise applications toolset including NetSuite, Strikedeck, Hubspot and Enterprise Services. This role will work closely with enterprise users to assess the effectiveness of enterprise processes as embodied in technology solutions. The IT Analyst will recommend configuration changes, project increments and other solutions that support Spear's Operational Effectiveness, Employee Leverage and Operational Costs. Role Responsibilities Work closely with Director, Process Engineering and Enterprise Architect to understand the intersection of organizational processes and systems to help overlay automation opportunities that support the business in a manner compliant with standards for systems and architecture. Transform business requirements and outcomes into actionable technology increments to be implemented in information systems. Measure the functional and operational performance of information systems to identify and recommend solutions for bottlenecks and other opportunities Understand transaction integrations of information systems, including data elements and upstream/downstream usage of transactional information. Assist in the creation of technology documentation standards, ensuring a set of tools used to train technology staff, educate employees on the functionality of systems and logical/conceptual aspects of system operation. Create and maintain a set of technical specifications, run books, operational guides and other artifacts based on defined standards. Assist in the creation of gap closure plans that can be projectized and delivered by application and product technology teams. Own production environment configuration related to user configuration and access control for systems that are maintained in the Applications space. Provide "go-live" support for changes to software configuration, setup and integration. Act as the change control point for changes required to production environments for in-scope systems.