Overview We are currently seeking a Graphic Designer to join our ALC \- Princeton, NJ/Philadelphia, PA team of professionals. This exciting opportunity is a permanent full-time position for the right candidate. This individual will be instrumental in defining how ALC is understood by our customers and partners. You will work closely with a small team to create digital and print collateral for ALC ’s brands. Our "ideal candidate" is an individual who is self-motivated with experience working directly with content creators and subject matter experts to develop compelling materials. For consideration, please submit your resume and a link to your portfolio _We want to be your Employer of Choice!_ ALC offers excellent benefits including medical, dental, vision, life, LTD, 401k w/ company match, paid time off, business casual dress, summer hours, customized training & more! If you are one of the "best and brightest" in your field and you're looking to position yourself for the future, this is a great opportunity. For immediate consideration, please create a profile and make sure you provide your resume, salary requirements, and current contact information. We look forward to learning more about you and the value you can bring to ALC! EOE/M/F/D/V Responsibilities Contribute as an exceptional visual designer and illustrator to create marketing content for our website, landing pages, white papers, print brochures, case studies and trade show collateral; Work as part of a marketing team to produce and update print and digital marketing collateral across ALC’s business units; Develop creative concepts for marketing programs to meet business goals and further the brand; Clearly articulate your design decisions and embrace constructive criticism as part of the design process; Partner with all parts of ALC including marketing, product, engineering, client engagement and sales to maintain a consistent brand experience. Qualifications 3+ Experience in creating beautiful, consistent, visual design across various platforms and media types (web, mobile, print, email, video); Stunning portfolio featuring detailed design work showcasing diverse formats and applications; Be detail oriented with a critical eye; Experience with digital creative tools including (but not limited to) Adobe Creative Suite, Sketch, InVision, Trello; Advanced proficiency in Microsoft PowerPoint and Word; Capability in print production tools and hand work; Experience designing content for automated marketing tools (Wordpress, Marketto); Ability to work quickly and collaborative with a small team; Experience producing beautiful, easy to read, data visualizations and information graphics; Familiarity with service and UX Design a plus; Video / Motion Graphics experience a plus.