M.C. Dean, Inc. is the nation’s premier electrical design-build and systems integration firm for complex, mission-critical organizations. M.C. Dean’s capabilities include electrical, electronic security, telecommunications, life-safety, instrumentation and control, and command and control systems. M.C. Dean, Inc. serves a diverse group of markets including Fortune 1000 corporations; universities; high tech and biotech firms; Federal; state, and local government clients; and other organizations with large scale, complex, and mission-critical infrastructure needs. Established in 1949, M.C. Dean, Inc. has earned a reputation as an innovator and pioneer. Headquartered in Dulles, Virginia, M.C. Dean, Inc. employs more than 2,500 professionals in offices throughout the Eastern United States, Europe and the Middle East. M.C. Dean, Inc. offers an excellent benefits package including a competitive salary; medical, dental, vision, life and disability insurance; paid-time off; tuition reimbursement; 401k Retirement Plan and Military Reserve pay offset. For more information about our company, you can visit www.mcdean.com. JOB DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES The system administrator will demonstrate the following capabilities: Manage physical security system support to meet service level agreements Analyze physical security system performance and recommend improvements Resolve complex system issues for physical security systems and networks Triage customer support calls, providing Tier 1 help desk support and Tier 2 escalation Communicate with customers, manufacturers, vendors and technical specialists Train system users and other system support personnel Analyze and modify preventive maintenance checklists for system changes Troubleshoot system performance issues and implement corrective actions Perform preventive maintenance actions including system back-ups, error log reviews, database size and integrity checks Organize and prepare detailed documentation of system performance, including service request records and analysis Perform desktop hardware and operating system set-up, imaging software loading, and antivirus updates Perform all duties with minimal direct supervision Specific position requirements are as follows: Requires two (2)+ years of experience programming/administrating Access Control Systems Requires four (4)+ years of experience with installation, troubleshooting and testing of security electronics equipment Requires system administrator experience in performing triage on system problems, resolving the system problems, analyzing system data to prevent problems, and implementing new workstations and system extensions Requires a bachelor's degree in a technical discipline or HS diploma/GED coupled with three (3) additional years of SA experience Requires reliable attendance at customer site during work hours required by customer Requires the ability to work flexible shifts that include nights and one weekend day Requires minimal travel Specific desired experience, skills and certifications are as follows: Certification in CCure 9000 Access Control System Certification in DVTel Digital Video Systems Experience programming/administrating Digital Video Systems Microsoft SQL Server and Microsoft Server 2008 experience Dell Storage Area Networks, Brocade and Cisco network equipment Symantec Netbackup software Configure and manage UNIX and Windows operating systems Install and load system operating software Configure network components