Planned Parenthood Federation of America (PPFA) is the nation’s leading women’s health care provider, educator, and advocate, serving women, men, teens and families. For over 100 years, PPFA has done more than any other organization in the United States to improve women’s health and safety, prevent unintended pregnancies, and advance the right and ability of individuals and families to make informed and responsible health care decisions. Planned Parenthood Federation of America (PPFA) seeks a dynamic and effective Senior Intelligence Analyst reporting to the PPFA Global Safety and Security (GSS), Director of Intelligence and Investigations. The Senior Intelligence Analyst is responsible for extracting information; making sense of that information; and making use of that information. This position entails monitoring, collecting, and the analysis of raw data for tactical and strategic products to mitigate a determined and radical opposition movement with intentions such as violence, crimes and disruptive operations against personnel, associates, events, and/or facilities. DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Extract raw data from open source intelligence (OSINT) traffic and/or designated social media sites for physical threat information targeting the organization and/or abortion related health care providers. Assess raw data for pertinent threat information utilizing tripwire capabilities and intelligence provided by approved vendors. Manually scrub social media for indicators and warnings of threat information along with monitoring designated high profile targets that pose a threat to the organization and abortion providers. Search through bulk data to identify anti-abortion radicals and to identify groups, organizations and individuals, to include those not previously known to GSS. Add value to raw data from limited lead information provided by monitoring social media, collection of intelligence, and incident reports from field. Provide context to raw and limited data to identify individuals, phone number subscribers, residences, emails, social media, organizations and conduct link analysis to identify if subject is a threat to the organization or and/abortion providers . Communicate views for senior management, security directors via written products to include daily summaries and forecasting future threats in detailed written products. Liaison with law enforcement and intelligence fusion centers. Work flexible hours, special events and after hours as needed. REQUIREMENTS / TECHNICAL EXPERTISE Bachelor’s degree required, master’s degree preferred, or equivalent experience in intelligence analysis in law enforcement, military, or the intelligence community. 3 years experience in the capacity of an intelligence analyst or comparable investigative analyst. Formal training from the military, law enforcement, intelligence community or a recognized training course for private sector intelligence analysis. Strong writing skills with ability to conduct and produce threat assessments and write analytical products tailored to specific customers. Familiarity with link analysis and investigative tools including, but not limited to i2 Analyst Notebook and credit header databases. PERSONAL QUALITIES / OTHER ATTRIBUTES Familiarity with terrorist organizations and incidents to understand tactics, organizational cells to identify potential violent factions. Ability to multi task, prioritize, work under time constraints and resolve issues with minimal supervision. Ability to communicate view for senior management, security directors via written products to include daily summaries and forecasting future threats in detailed written products. Confident, professional and calm demeanor with the ability to work in a fast-paced environment. Strong interpersonal, verbal and written communications skills with the ability to successfully work with peers, cross functional groups, management and business partners. Ability to successfully operate under occasional situations of ambiguity or with limited information. Ability to collect, retain, memorialize historical and recent data on opposition. Profound sense of ethics, integrity and confidentiality. TRAVEL 0-25% LI-ES1 DIVERSE CANDIDATES ARE ENCOURAGED TO APPLY Planned Parenthood Federation of America is an equal employment opportunity employer and is committed to maintaining a non-discriminatory work environment, and does not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. Planned Parenthood is committed to creating a dynamic work environment that values diversity and inclusion, respect and integrity, customer focus, and innovation.