Apex Moving and Storage is seeking a Warehouse Manager to work Full-Time at their location in Puyallup, WA! Job Description: Warehouse Manager Warehouse Manager Job Purpose: Provides materials, equipment, and supplies by directing receiving, warehousing, and distribution services; supervising staff. Warehouse Manager Job Duties: The following reflects management’s definition of essential functions for this job but does not restrict the tasks that may be assigned. Management may assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time due to reasonable accommodation or other reasons. Occasionally works with crews, loading, unloading household goods, completing “crate and Freights” either at the warehouse or on site. Heavy lifting is often required. Be proficient in conducting inventories at residence and checking off inventories for inbound shipments of household goods. Maintains receiving, warehousing, and distribution operations by initiating, coordinating, and enforcing program, operational, and personnel policies and procedures. Complies with federal, state, and local warehousing, material handling, and shipping requirements by studying existing and new legislation; enforcing adherence to requirements; advising management on needed actions. Safeguards warehouse operations and contents by establishing and monitoring security procedures and protocols. Maintains physical condition of warehouse by planning and implementing new design layouts; inspecting equipment; issuing work orders for repair and requisitions for replacement. Achieves financial objectives by controlling the use of cartons, tape and other relevant supplies used by the crews. Controls inventory levels by conducting physical counts; reconciling with data storage system. Utilizes programs in “Mr. Mover” to include Vault Use Inventory, checking the Capacity Calendar and Dispatch log to ensure proper planning of next day and the week’s requirements. Inspects the trucks to ensure they are clean and serviceable and report any discrepancies to the Operations Manager. Maintains warehouse staff job results by coaching, counseling; planning, monitoring, and appraising job results. Maintains professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops; reviewing professional publications; establishing personal networks; participating in professional societies. Contributes to team effort by accomplishing any other tasks requested by Ownership or Operations Manager. Maintain proper attire and hygiene Skills/Qualifications: Fleet / Equipment Maintenance, Supervision, Developing Budgets, Safety Management, Developing Standards, Managing Processes, Surveillance Skills, Inventory Control, Reporting Skills, Analyzing Information , Good Judgment, Excellent Math and Penmanship Skills. Physical Requirements: While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to do the following. Lift and move a minimum of 50 pounds without assistance. Walk, bend, and climb stairs. Stand for long periods of time. Wear appropriate safety equipment. Work Environment: a large percentage of work time is spent in a warehouse where temperatures are cool and noise level can be moderate to high. NOTE: ResCare is recruiting on behalf of Apex Moving and Storage