_The Fox Digital Consumer Group is a strategic business unit with a customer- driven focus that is leading the consumer-driven revolution in media and entertainment. The group is strengthening and improving Fox Networks’ already successful TV Everywhere apps as well as developing, building and executing new consumer offerings that deliver fantastic Fox content in new and exciting ways._ ___Fox DCG is responsible for driving the development of platforms and capabilities and overseeing the ongoing enhancement and support of Fox Networks’ existing apps and TV Everywhere, including Fox Now, FX Now, Fox Sports_ ___Go_ ___and the National Geographic TV Apps, as well as the creation of new direct to consumer TV products. Additionally, DCG works hand-in-hand with the network marketing groups to promote awareness, adoption and usage of our TV Everywhere offerings, guide strategy and business development for new offerings, and manage key partner relationships (including the integration with Fox’s regional businesses in Europe, Asia and Latin America)._ JOB DESCRIPTION As a Go developer in Fox DCG’s engineering group, you will be an integral part in the architecture, design, development, and deployment of authentication services for Fox’s digital video products across web, mobile as well as the next generation of devices. This role will develop end-to-end solutions and services using Golang other relevant technologies that drive our global digital products. The ability to not only code and develop tools but also to understand a wide range of technologies and integrate them would be critical to this role. A deep understanding of systems, modern development best practices and open source tools will be required to excel in this role. QUALIFICATIONS 3+ years of relevant engineering experience. 2+ years of Golang programming experience. A strong foundation in object-oriented software architecture and programming principals. Experience with source code and knowledge repositories such as Git, Jira, or equivalent systems. Experience in cloud-based hosting and systems architecture (AWS or other). Understanding or experience with Agile development methodology Excellent problem solving skills with ability to synthesize information from multiple sources, identify relevant data, formulate and test hypotheses, and implement solutions. Self-motivated, flexible, collaborative. Strong verbal and written skills Passion for television/entertainment is a major plus _We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, gender identity, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable law._