If you are passionate about supporting customers, we want to hear from you. HelloSign is looking for a Technical Support Representative to join our Customer Operations Team. We are very passionate about making our customers awesome and are looking for a Technical Support Rep that will take the relationships to the next level. In this role, you will be responsible for making sure that every one of our users has an awesome experience when interacting with our products and us. Internally, you are the voice of our customers and will be their advocate. You are the primary point of contact for people that have general and technical questions. You will be responsible for communicating and documenting issues, troubleshooting and testing, and should feel comfortable providing support via email, chat and over the phone. When applying, please include a cover letter telling us why you think you’d be a great fit, what makes you passionate about supporting your customers, and what super power you’d want if you could have any super power. What You'll Do: Achieve expert working knowledge of our products. You will be the first stop point for troubleshooting and must know how to use our products (don’t worry - we will train you). Troubleshooting reported bugs partnering with the Customers and Engineers to reproduce and assist with diagnosing issue. Explore feature requests that are unclear until the point you have reached a full understanding of what the customer is asking for and why. Act as a guide for our customers when they are configuring and integrating our products into other products. Identify and document the reason the customer contacted us and advise on any forming trends that may impact the larger customer base. Actively contribute to the development, documentation, and enforcement of processes and policies within the organization. Increase overall customer satisfaction by meeting and exceeding customer support metrics and service levels. Who You Are: 2 years working in Technical Support in the SaaS industry - You understand the complexities of the SaaS world and how to keep our customers happy! Proven experience walking customers through the troubleshooting process. You demonstrate strong analytical and critical thinking skills - you love asking those open ended questions to really get to the root of the matter! Previous experience working with and troubleshooting software that integrates with other tools such as Salesforce (ideally, you have been a Salesforce admin and/or heavily used Salesforce before). You have a love for helping customers and delivering satisfaction. Strong communication skills, both written and oral. Strong team player possessing the willingness to seek feedback, adapt practices and continuously learn and evolve. About Us: HelloSign is creating the next generation eSignature platform, with a focus on clean usability. We were recently voted 1 eSignature solution for Small Business and 1 software solution for Mid-Market business on G2 Crowd! We’re proud of these awards because they are voted on by real users and reflect our commitment to making life better for our customers. In fact, we have the highest customer satisfaction score out of all our competitors. In addition to our sleek end user product, developers love our API, clean, straightforward documentation and extensive SDKs. On average, full-featured integrations average less than 2.5 days of development-the fastest in the industry. And our API Engineers offer the best support you’ll never need. Our vision is to deliver Frictionless Agreements by making our users awesome. Life at HelloSign: We are centrally located in downtown San Francisco near Union Square. Currently at 60 employees, we are growing the company deliberately, with an eye towards maintaining a culture that values lifestyle, fun and continuous improvement. We were awarded the 2015 Hirepalooza Culture Award for Lifestyle and continue to maintain an overwhelmingly positive presence on Glassdoor and The Muse. We have raving fans who love what we make • We're user-focused and product-driven • We're always evolving with an eye towards improvement • Committed to building a product people want • We have a well-defined culture of fun, continual learning and collaboration • A supportive, familial atmosphere • An open, airy, creative space with communal dining and lounge spaces • We love dogs • Happy hour for unwinding and partaking in shenanigans • A fully stocked kitchen with drinks and snacks • And we'll never forget your birthday! HelloSign is an equal opportunity employer committed to hiring a diverse team of qualified individuals • HelloSign conducts background checks; pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, HelloSign will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records • HelloSign participates in E-Verify. About HelloSign: We believe that the way business gets done today is broken. That’s why we’re dedicated to simplifying work for everyone - from small startups to large enterprise companies. Millions of individuals and over 75,000 companies world- wide trust the HelloSign platform – which includes eSignature, digital workflow and eFax solutions – to automate and manage their most important business transactions. With a sharp focus on user experience and a lust for innovation, HelloSign is on a mission to _Simplify Work_. Life at HelloSign: We are centrally located in downtown San Francisco near BART, the Transbay Terminal, and the Ferry Building. Just under 100 employees, we are growing the company deliberately, with a keen eye towards maintaining a culture that values lifestyle, fun and continuous improvement. We were awarded the Hirepalooza Culture Award for Lifestyle in 2015 and the Healthy Mothers Workplace Bronze Award in 2016 and 2017. This year, we won SF Business Times' Best Places to Work Award for Small Employers. And we continue to maintain an overwhelmingly positive presence on Glassdoor and The Muse. We have raving fans who love what we make • We're user-focused and product- driven • We're always evolving with an eye towards improvement • We're committed to building a product people want • We thrive on collaboration and learning from each other • We have a supportive, familial atmosphere • We work in an open, airy, creative space • We laugh a lot • We love dogs • And we'll never forget your birthday! _HelloSign is an equal opportunity employer committed to hiring a diverse team of qualified individuals • HelloSign conducts background checks; pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, HelloSign will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records • HelloSign participates in E-Verify._