The Corporate Security Manager is responsible for developing, implementing and administering all aspects of the Bank’s Corporate Security Program, which includes managing the Bank’s adherence to the program and ensuring that employees adhere to the Bank’s security and privacy policies, procedures, and processes. This position serves as a liaison between Bank personnel and law enforcement authorities when responding to robberies or other crimes; advises Bank Leadership, Senior Management and Bank personnel of emerging security issues by consulting and guiding the Bank in the establishment of controls to mitigate risks. Responsible for implementing efficient and effective strategies to ensure the corporate directive regarding compliance with the Bank’s Security Programs. Collaborate with management in the overall administration of these directives for the Bank. Set high standards of performance for self and others and assume responsibility and accountability for successful execution. Serve as a subject matter expert in a broad array include leading enterprise internal security investigations; create industry best practices through analysis, sound risk management practices and forward thinking; develop strategies for risk management and design and implement internal controls, policies and procedures to assure compliance with Federal and State Law requirements. PRIMARY DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES: Supervise corporate security compliance effectiveness, sustainability and resiliency of the Bank, driving change and improvement by convening, informing, supporting, influencing and mentoring; ensuring all operations are effectively integrated to achieve best possible outcomes; develop and implement strategies to accommodate current and future organizational plans, programs, and needs. Supervise and approve major security projects related to facilities, products and services, technology, standardized policies and procedures, and coordination; improve the Bank’s resiliency profile by ensuring effective integration and coherence of the resiliency plans of key businesses across the Bank. Analyze and communicate to executive management the impact of all security laws and regulations on the Bank’s operations, including policies, procedures, new and existing products, forms, advertising, and materials, etc. Coordinate meetings to discuss the impact, define necessary action, and assign responsibilities to management. Participate on management committees as a subject matter expert. Assist with comprehensive self-testing, independent third party and regulatory audits; make necessary preparations for such audits or exams; coordinate responses to external auditors and regulatory examiners; ensure deficiencies identified from such audits and examinations are corrected. Assist with providing appropriate levels of due diligence during a merger or acquisition. Manage the Bank’s Corporate Security Department and ensure department activities run smoothly and efficiently by providing leadership, training and supervision. Perform direct supervisory duties of assigned department staff, coordinate staff for coverage in assigned areas of the department, and be fully knowledgeable and skilled in all areas of the department. Manage and/or perform Physical Security Reviews of all Bank facilities no less than annually. Review, update, and develop security procedures utilized by Bank personnel. Perform other duties as assigned. SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITY: Lead and manage teams through training, developing, and coaching Team Members on a consistent basis. Supervise Sr. Security Analyst and third party security guards. Provide supervision and support to all areas of the department where service or assistance is needed; oversees activities of assigned department personnel. Play a positive role in the development and growth of assigned department staff through excellent communication skills, both verbal and written, along with strong delegation skills assuring a highly cross-trained staff. Monitor staff in daily tasks, operations and quality control; ensures the organization of assigned areas of the department, coordinating available resources (e.g., staff, materials, etc.) for maximum results. PHYSICAL DEMANDS & WORK ENVIRONMENT: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Ability to withstand moderate physical activity throughout the work day (standing, walking, reaching) Ability to sit for extended periods of time Ability to lift or move up to 25 pounds on occasion Ability to maintain attention and concentration for extended periods of time Ability to work overtime when required to meet deadlines Work environment – This position resides at Corporate Tower. The noise level is usually low to moderate. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS (EDUCATION, EXPERIENCE, & SKILLS): Bachelor’s degree and/or Five years relevant experience and training. Work related experience should consist of a background in physical security and force protection; law enforcement background preferred. Requires a security certification from a recognized agency or ability to obtain within 1 year; for example: ASIS (PSP or CPP). Advanced knowledge of preventive and reactive security measures (e.g., robbery, bomb threats, extortion, kidnapping, training, etc.) and systems (e.g., alarms, motion detectors, etc.) Experience in dealing with various state and federal law enforcement and safety agencies and personnel. Advanced knowledge of preventative and reactive safety measures (e.g., accidents, site inspections, training, etc.) and systems (e.g., fire alarms, extinguishers, protective apparel, etc.) Ability to communicate issues to a wide variety of users and audience, and to lead and meet deadlines for multiple projects. Strong leadership, interpersonal, negotiation, and communications skills required. Ability to apply common sense understanding to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to deal with problems involving several concrete variables in standardized situations. Ability to make appropriate judgments and decisions with limited guidance Ability to deal with complex problems involving multiple facets and variables in non-standardized situations. Excellent planning and organizational skills, including the ability to work independently on projects of high complexity with minimal supervision Excellent written and verbal communications skills Ability to maintain confidentiality and instill trust within the organization Proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint Ability to multi task is essential The above statements describe the general nature and level of work only. They are not an exhaustive list of all required responsibilities, duties, and skills. Other duties may be added, or this job description amended at any time. Our commitment to diversity and inclusion is helping us to create not only a great place to work, but also an environment where our employees, our customers and our communities can reach their goals and connect with each other. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or protected veteran status. We are an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action employer. Minorities, women, veterans and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply. Drug free work environment. CB