Overview The Access Management Security Analyst assures that the security access controls at Western Alliance Bank are properly implemented and maintained. They drive the analysis, design, and implementation of access controls to resources and application. They participate in the audit of access controls and remediation efforts. Responsibilities Launches and manages the automated review and recertification of access to applications and systems, and captures required audit data. Works with application and entitlement owners to perform and document manual reviews of accounts and entitlements in applications and systems not yet integrated into the automated review system. Works with business leads to define and maintain ownership and contents of roles, profiles, entitlements, etc. of applications and systems. Consults with the IAM automation team for requirements to automate identity and access management functions such as access request, approvals, certifications, password management, etc. Participates in the audit of access controls and remediation efforts. Drives or participates in projects to design, document, communicate, and implement new security controls. Monitors daily reports for the health of security control mechanisms, and report and follow up on outages, inconsistencies, violations, etc. Qualifications A minimum of an Associate’s degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, or an equivalent field, or 5-7 years of related experience in lieu of education Five (5) to seven (7)years of overall System Access Administration Three (3) years’ of IAM experience (required) and the ability to pick up other technologies and their related security procedures quickly. A minimum of one (1) to three (3) years in the Banking & Financial Services industry. Proficiency with MS Office Suite (Excel, Access, PowerPoint, and Visio) required. Strong written and verbal communication skills. Demonstrates initiative with the ability to independently complete assignments with minimal supervision. Must be able to work occasional overtime including evenings and/or weekends. Occasional travel to other office sites required