Slalom is a purpose-driven consulting firm that helps companies solve business problems and build for the future, with solutions spanning business advisory, customer experience, technology, and analytics. We partner with companies to push the boundaries of what’s possible—together. Founded in 2001 and headquartered in Seattle, WA, Slalom has organically grown to over 5,000 employees. We were named one of Fortune’s 100 Best Companies to Work For in 2018 and are regularly recognized by our employees as a best place to work. You can find us in 27 cities across the U.S., U.K., and Canada. Senior Cloud/DevOps Architect Opportunity for seasoned software architect with overall experience of 15+ years of which at least 4 years involve deep experience with cloud and cloud native technologies. Should be conversant with developing large distributed systems using public, private, and hybrid cloud environments for enterprise. The ideal candidate will be able to identify technology to apply in a prototyping environment and be a thought leader to a team of technologists. The ability to quickly develop research into a well-formed idea for a solution and serve as an adviser in that area of research is required. The full stack is to be considered from Cloud Infrastructure to DevOps and Agile software engineering in a research and development setting. Experience in a large-scale environment across all technical domains mentioned above would be helpful. Responsibilities: Gather technical requirements, assess client capabilities and analyze findings to provide appropriate cloud solution recommendations and adoption strategy Ideation, planning, architecting, and designing intelligent cloud and cloud native solutions across industry domains Be versed in Microsoft Azure, Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud Platform cloud solution, architecture, related technologies, and their inter-dependencies Building prototypes - bringing concepts to initial implementations - including design, coding to testing; reshaping prototypes based on business needs and driving toward successful deployment in the business environment Creating solutions architecture, algorithms, and designs for solutions that scale to the customer's enterprise/global requirements Lead multiple teams of software engineering consultants to apply best practices and implement automation across all elements of solution delivery Learn and adopt new tools, techniques, and technology areas that are mission-aligned to innovation and increase performance, automation, and scalability. Maintain an expert-level understanding of our clients' environments and tools. Impart knowledge to team members. Collaborate as part of larger delivery teams which may include project managers, business analysts, architects, developers, and change management professionals Provide technical direction and oversight to cloud implementation teams and act as a mentor to help grow the next generation of innovators and thought leaders Actively participate and serve in the research community (e.g., conferences, meetups, workshops) Qualifications: ﻿ 10+ years of IT experience, of which 5 years involve deep experience with cloud and cloud native technologies. 3+ years architecting and implementing cloud infrastructure and topologies. Analytical and solution-oriented background, with great people skills and structured problem solving capabilities. Bachelor's degree in Computer Science (or a related tech field) preferred. Project experience implementing core infrastructure, networking, and cloud-based services for business teams or consumers. Deep product knowledge and understanding of product features including: Microsoft Azure, AWS, Google Cloud, IaaS, PaaS, and SaaS, Automation and DevOps, Ansible, Puppet, Chef, Docker, Virtualization, Vmware, Citrix Experience configuring and tuning virtual private clouds Experience with Active Directory, Active Directory Federation Services (ADFS), SAML, web Single Sign-on (SSO), OAuth and related authentication technologies Transport Layer Security / SSL principles and management Experience with networking principles and technologies (DNS, Load Balancers, Reverse Proxies) Practical experience sizing hardware and storage needs. Strong analytical problem-solving ability. Good presentation skills, written, and verbal communication skills. Self-starter with the ability to work independently or as part of a project team. Performance analysis, troubleshooting, and remediation techniques. High Availability and Disaster Recovery principles, patterns, and usage. Understanding of cloud ecosystem and leading-edge cloud emerging technologies. 3+ years previous consulting experience, preferably at a Big 4 consulting firms or specialty cloud consulting firms Desired: Practical experience implementing Microsoft Azure, AWS, and Google Cloud. Automation experience with Puppet and Chef Experience with cloud-based development and deployment Production experience with deployment and management of Microsoft Azure and AWS _Slalom Is An Equal Opportunity Employer And All Qualified Applicants Will Receive Consideration For Employment Without Regard To Race, Color, Religion, Sex, National Origin, Disability Status, Protected Veteran Status, Or Any Other Characteristic Protected By Law._