The Google People Services, Operations function is the services and program management group within People Operations that makes HR stuff easy and intuitive for Googlers. Our global team optimizes people processes, from problem definition to execution. We partner with teams across People Operations and in engineering to bring innovation and technology to the way we attract, retain and grow Googlers worldwide. We focus on providing an amazing experience to past, present and future Googlers, and work in Google’s fast- paced environment to deliver 100+ operational services, manage the contingent workforce and implement HR programs across 70+ countries. Regardless of location or level of experience, members of the Operations team have the opportunity to create, develop and implement some of the most complex global operations around the world. Great just isn't good enough for our People Operations team (you probably know us better as "Human Resources"). Made up of equal parts HR professionals, former consultants and analysts, we're the champions of Google's colorful culture. In People Ops, we "find them, grow them, and keep them" - we bring the world's most innovative people to Google and provide the programs that help them thrive. Whether recruiting the next great Googler, refining our core programs, developing talent or simply looking for ways to inject some more fun into the lives of our Googlers, we bring a data-driven approach that is reinventing the human resources field. Responsibilities Become a subject matter expert in various HR processes, using this knowledge and data to introduce process efficiencies and improvements, analyze data to identify trends and make informed decisions to drive continuous improvement. Collaborate with cross-functional teams, vendors, and key stakeholders to develop seamless operational processes to support Google's People Operations policies. Develop data-driven solutions focused on improving both operational efficiencies and employee experience, identifying both short and long term opportunities. Become a thought leader in people processes and assist and consult clients in HR policy implementations, communication and maintenance, using your knowledge and access to HR data and systems to produce efficiencies. Liaise with employees, internal clients and partners, providing a magical customer experience as you overcome complex HR challenges. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 4 years of relevant work experience. Experience working in an international business environment. Experience in a Business Administration/HR related role or customer/user service delivery environment. Preferred qualifications: Experience analyzing data, validating and developing thoughtful business process changes. Experience in project/program management with experience influencing leadership and stakeholder management. Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment, be diplomatic and partner with stakeholders, vendors and international teams. Effective interpersonal and communication skills, and a passion for delivering magical customer experiences. Self-motivated and driven individual with a proven ability to work independently, achieve goals with ambiguity, prioritize work, implementing structure and clarity to a process/program. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.