Take the first step to prepare for a career as a consultant at 8th Light. Do you want an opportunity to showcase a company you can truly be proud of? Do you want a job where you will face new challenges every single day and have continual opportunities to learn and teach while being surrounded by enthusiastic and energizing coworkers? Do you want to work in a supportive environment where curiosity is rewarded? Then talk to us! At 8th Light we consider software development a craft. Our team of expert developers and designers hold the title of "Crafter" to reflect our dedication to quality, our emphasis on continual learning, and our belief that software is truly a craft - something that we take pride in, and value highly. Our crafters begin their careers at 8th Light with a paid apprenticeship. The apprenticeship is a focused period of learning centered around becoming a disciplined, skilled, well-rounded software crafter capable of delivering high-quality software and consulting to our clients. Under the guidance of a team of experienced mentors, apprentices will embark on a process designed to hone their programming, client service, collaboration, leadership and communication skills. They learn on their own while committing to, and completing a variety of projects in different languages. They learn to lead by example, provide and receive honest feedback and answer the questions a client might not ask. Towards the end of the apprenticeship, apprentices spend time shadowing and pairing with 8th Light crafters on client projects. The apprenticeship ends with a demonstration of their work that is evaluated by a review board of 8th Light crafters. Applicants You've built software before, maybe not in a professional setting, but you’re an avid learner and are highly driven to improve your skills. Successful applicants generally have: An understanding of at least one programming language. A basic understanding of Test-Driven Development. Professional working experience (not necessarily in software). Expectations of a Crafter Upon successful completion of your apprenticeship, you'll join 8th Light's team of developers and designers as a Crafter. In this role, you will: Pair and collaborate with teammates to deliver quality software. Mentor apprentices and client employees based on 8th Light best practices. Work with clients to report progress and plan future projects. About 8th Light We hold each other to the highest standards; and when we join a project, clients know what they're getting with 8th Light. It's not just our excellent team of dedicated professionals that sets us apart, but also our approach to delivering software and our roles as technical consultants. We enjoy working with people who are empathetic, who are passionate about teaching and learning, and who value the work they do. If this approach to software development resonates with you, we'd love to talk. 8th Light is an equal opportunity employer.