Pre/ Post Operation Room; Per Diem hours Under the supervision of the Nurse Director, performs a variety of technical and patient care functions that assist the nurses in daily activities. All functions performed in this position are an essential component of the hospital plan for patient care and reflect chronological age, developmental level and the specific needs of our patient population. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: 1\. Follows hospital policies and procedures to correctly identify patients prior to transport between nursing units and/or MGH. 2\. Utilizing sound principles of back safety and body mechanic; transports, assists in lifting, moving and positioning patients as needed. 3\. Maintaining Universal Precautions disinfects stretchers after each patient (railings and mattress). 4\. Cleans all stretchers entirely on a weekly basis. Checks stretchers for functional defects, report and red tags for repair. Reports and red tags equipment to charge nurse, Clinical leader, Director to assure that general hospital safety standards are being met. 5\. Cleans and prepares patients care areas daily following hospital departmental policies and procedures. These duties include but are not limited to: emptying trash, linen bags, closing and replacing sharps containers, IV pole cleaning, emptying suction canisters, replacing liners, setting up patient care areas as needed to include appropriate equipment for all patient areas 6\. Cleans and restocks unit, all nursing carts, restocks all nursing carts according to predetermined inventory levels to assure that adequate patient care supplies are available. 7\. Transports blood and blood products to and from MGH Blood Bank following AABB regulations. 8\. Always protects patient rights and maintains patient confidentiality. 9\. Fill blanket warmer as needed per area if applicable. 10\. Maintains annual mandatory education requirements. 11\. Maintains BLS annual certification. 12\. Provide a responsible and supportive environment for patients and their significant other. 13\. Maintain a cooperative working relationship with coworkers both inter and interdepartmentally. 14\. Function as a contributing team member. 15\. Read and write English. 16\. Practice respect for the rights and privacy of others. A level of knowledge generally obtained through completion of a high school diploma.