Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: New York, NY, USA; Boulder, CO, USA; Sunnyvale, CA, USA The mantra of the User Interface (UI) team is: "Focus on the user and all else will follow." As a UI Designer, you have a strong technical background and work closely with Engineers and Product Managers to design products that are simple but great for the user, focusing on interaction and visual design. Using your keen design aesthetic you design and conduct experiments with real users so that improvements to the user experience are based on real user behavior. Your job is to make sure that our products are intuitive, accessible and usable to our millions of users. You design and lead the UI construction for complex projects with a broad scope and evolving objectives. You contribute to the overall product strategy through concept generation, prototyping and collaboration with with UX team to promote feature integration, as well as working with researchers to design user experiments to test your designs. G Suite is a set of intelligent apps—Gmail, Docs, Drive, Calendar, Hangouts, and more—designed to bring people together, with real-time collaboration built in from the start. Our vision is to transform these diverse and fragmented experiences, from the user’s perspective, as if there were one Google. As part of our growing User Experience Research team within Apps UX, you will be taking user research findings, insights and data and crafting them into compelling, beautiful and powerful stories and visualizations. User experience (UX) is at the forefront of how we create intuitive, innovative, and beautiful products that people love. We strive to learn and understand our users’ needs, behaviors, and emotions to yield insights that inform product strategy and guide the design of the experiences we create. Our multidisciplinary UX teams include designers, researchers, content strategists, and engineers who are passionate about quality, usability, and performance. We collaborate closely with product managers, software engineers, and many others to solve complex challenges and craft powerful experiences that highlight our products’ unique capabilities and personalities. Our work touches billions while exemplifying a key principle that is core to Google’s philosophy: “Focus on the user and all else will follow.” Responsibilities Partner with User Experience Researcher team to create print and digital materials that disseminate key research findings across YouTube. Create engaging infographics and information visualizations based on qualitative and quantitative data. Develop simple, clear communication tools to make the research data memorable and actionable. Create interactive experiences that allow people to explore and engage with the data. Recommend and implement new strategies for communicating research findings to our stakeholders. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Information Design, Communication Arts, Graphic Design or relevant field or equivalent practical experience. 4 years of relevant work experience. A portfolio of print and online work that includes information visualizations. Experience with written and visual communication. Preferred qualifications: Experience in video production, exhibition design and kiosk design. Experience working closely with UX and Product Management teams in the technology industry. Skillset in interactive data visualization and illustration across different brands. Knowledge of technologies (e.g., HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Flash) relating to interactive data visualization. Ability to solve problems creatively and desire to experiment with new ways of presenting complex information. Interest in or experience with using video for advertising or marketing. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.