12+ Month Consulting Opportunity for a Technical Architect (Emerging Technologies) with a Fortune 100 Telecom Company in Dallas, TX MUST BE ABLE TO WORK ON A W2 - NO 3RD PARTIES INPERSON INTERVIEW REQUIRED NETWORK ON DEMAND & SVC INTEGRATION / CISCO ENCS COE TOP 5 SKILLS 1) Responsible for designing and delivering custom technical and operational design and solution costs to sales. 2) Coordinates solution components and interfaces with appropriate support organizations. 3) Works to resolve technical, pricing and contract issues and provides necessary outputs for documentation. 4) Provides Design Support by validating the MRS PC Globes Tool for each opportunity. 5) Ensure that any custom network solution is technically assured and feasible, cost efficient, supportable, and aligned with our represented partners (Service Delivery and Service Assurance). DESCRIPTION Responsible for translating business needs into technical solutions on emerging technologies and defining solutions to problems through reasoned application of information technology. Leads and develops the creation of end to end designs to deliver custom complex requests. The candidate will support account teams and customers by providing technical and operational expertise and guidance in the design, planning and delivery of custom solutions. They provide advanced technical SME expertise and demonstrate strong project coordination skills. The candidate will also assess the technical feasibility and technical risk mitigation for pre-sales opportunities and consolidate multiple requirements into one cohesive technical solution. >ROLE AND RESPONSIBILITIES< Responsible for delivering custom technical and operational design and solution costs to sales. Reviews custom requirements with account team and identifies gaps/issues/concerns for sales to review with the customer Coordinates solution components and interfaces with appropriate support organizations. Engage Legal approval for custom contract language. Works to resolve technical, pricing and contract issues and provides necessary outputs for documentation. Issues waivers for custom costs when appropriate. Develops pricing from custom costs are engages ICB for Pricing approvals. Participates in solution fit/custom design calls. Provides Design Support by validating the MRS PC Globes Tool for each opportunity. Represents sales by submitting requests through BET to attend the Custom Review Forum and presenting the solution to the board Meets customer and sales expectations related to delivery of deal elements within negotiated timeframes. Ensures that approved contract package is delivered to sales team. Responsible for engaging the Operational Consultant, if needed. Understands the financial impacts of various design alternatives and demonstrates business acumen to ensure customer needs are met. Provide technical assurance for overall technical architecture/high level design including collecting input and costs from Labs. Produce technical consultations, network design documents, and/or technical assurance documentation as required. Ensure completion of the overall technical/network design, including equipment lists as required. Engages the Custom Billing Team for all custom MRS billing requests. Ensure that any custom network solution is technically assured and feasible, cost efficient, supportable, and aligned with our represented partners (Service Delivery and Service Assurance). If needed, engage appropriate teams including Product, Service Delivery, Service Assurance, Labs, Security, Vendors and any other team where review and approvals are required. SOLUTION LEAD WILL ADDRESS Technical Feasibility Technical Viability Reliability/Redundancy Deliverables BET Request for CRF Validated PC Globes Document Sales Handoff Customer Specific Operations Plans or Predefined Operations Plans Authorization to Bid (ATB) Custom Contract/Pricing Addendum NDD (Network Design Doc) Technical Assurance Documentation Network Design Architecture Service Interworking (SIW)