NVIDIA is looking for an excellent engineer to join its Software Infrastructure team. The position will be part of a dynamic crew that develops complex software tools to optimize development workflow and increase overall productivity. NVIDIA is crafting a vision of incredible user experiences in the mobile, embedded and automotive spaces by combining our leading edge Tegra and GPU development efforts into creative boundary pushing and genre defining products. The Infrastructure, Planning and Processes (IPP) team is a global organization within NVIDIA which helps make this vision possible by creating and maintaining a large scale private cloud system used for providing build and test infrastructure services for NVIDIA GPU, Mobile and Automotive Divisions. You should flourish when working in the critical path supporting thousands of developers working for billion dollar business lines as well as intimately understand the values of responsiveness, thoroughness and teamwork. What you’ll be doing: You will be helping to redesign the overall architecture of our web applications. Collaborate with the rest of the engineering team to design and launch new features. Help improve our existing infrastructure using new technologies including machine learning. What we need to see: A BS or MS in a computer science or computer engineering related field is preferred 5+of industry experience Strong server side and client side programming skills in Python, Java, Javascript, PHP, HTML, CSS, jQuery, etc, Experience using advanced JavaScript libraries and frameworks such as AngularJS, ReactJS, VueJS, etc. Strong experience with MySQL or equivalent and exposure to one or more NoSQL databases. Experience working across teams and converting designs to visual elements Excellent analytical and problem solving skills with the ability to think quickly and offer alternatives Ways to stand out from the crowd: Experience with agile software development methodology and practices. Working knowledge with Machine Learning and Data Analytics and application of those in infrastructure Experience designing and deploying large-scale and distributed system software in cloud environments Understanding one or more version control systems, such as git or Perforce Interest in cutting-edge technologies and the ability to take initiatives and drive them across multiple functional teams NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most brilliant and talented people on the planet working for us. If you're creative and autonomous, we want to hear from you! NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law.