Provides technical leadership to staff in analysis, design, development, implementation and maintenance of applications in support of a specific division's functions. Selection Process : Applicants whose education, training and experience most closely meet the needs of the position may be invited to participate in a selection process to include a panel interview. Successful candidates will receive a post-offer, pre-employment background screening to include: Fingerprinting Criminal Background screening for the past 7 years Please note : Applications will be reviewed, and interviews will take place periodically. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: Education and Experience: Bachelor's degree in Computer Information Systems, Computer Science, or related field of study from an accredited educational institution. Five years' experience system analysis or design, development, testing and implementing software applications. Some supervisory or lead experience is required. An equivalent combination of education and job-related experience may substitute for the educational requirements on a year-for-year basis. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: _Performs duties and responsibilities commensurate with assigned functional area which may include, but are not limited to, any combination of the following tasks._ Provides daily management and supervision of technical staff within the division. This includes the coordination of all activities of the staff, including mentoring, training, scheduling, making hiring decisions and developing written performance evaluations; works with employees to correct deficiencies and implements discipline procedures. Assumes the role of technology leader within the division, including planning for technical projects, assigning staff to projects, and presenting information to departmental management. Provides "day to day" administration and maintenance of the assigned division or department's automated systems, including any technologies which support customer service and/or staff activities directly. Manages all aspects of projects to ensure timely completion. Resolves operational problems involving technology for users, analyzes operations from the public customer's viewpoint, and ensures that all internal and external customer requests and problems are being appropriately resolved in a timely manner. Communicates with users and provides instructions and information and responds to questions; trains staff in use of specific software and information seeking techniques. Interacts with staff, management staff and customers to communicate project status efforts, system analysis and design and operation data. Works with staff to grow and develop each employee's performance. WORK ENVIRONMENT/PHYSICAL DEMANDS: _The physical demands and work environment characteristics described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this position or that an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this position. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions._ Lift and carry materials weighing up to 50 pounds. Click here to view the full job description for Systems Integration Supervisor. The City of Scottsdale reserves the right to change this process at any time. EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY: It is the policy of the city to provide employment opportunities to all persons based solely on ability, regardless of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or disability. When advised, reasonable accommodations will be made in order for an "otherwise qualified applicant" with a disability to participate in any phase of the recruitment process. Please contact Human Resources to request an accommodation. Persons with a disability may request a reasonable accommodation by contacting HR Receptionist at (480) 312-2491. Requests should be made 24 hours in advance or as early as possible to allow time to arrange the accommodation. For TTY users, the Arizona Relay Service (1-800-367-8939) may contact HR Receptionist at (480) 312-2491. _This position description does not constitute an employment agreement between the employer and employee and is subject to change by the employer as the needs of the employer and requirements of the position change._