Multiple openings available in our JourneyHome program Job Summary The JourneyHome Case Manager serves homeless families with children who are residing throughout the Seattle and King County area. This position is part of a housing-focused team working with families in crisis to rapidly obtain and stabilize housing. The majority of time is spent out of the office, working with program participants around housing search, goal planning and budgeting, and providing advocacy, information and referrals to services with the goal to help the families exit homelessness and establish and maintain a permanent home. Essential Responsibilities, Duties & Tasks 40% Provide housing-focused case management, resource referral and follow-up assistance to homeless families in Seattle who are addressing a variety of issues and barriers to obtaining permanent housing. Assist families in advocating for their needs and accessing services and resources. Act as a liaison between program participant families and community agencies involved with their case, and maintain on going communication with other providers as needed. Travel throughout King County and beyond to meet with program participants where they are residing; Provide regular, home-based, individualized support to families before and after they are permanently housed. 20% Partner with a Housing Advocate to help families secure and maintain permanent housing. Conduct a housing strengths and barriers assessment with program participants. Provide guidance, assistance, direct housing linkages, and landlord advocacy throughout the housing search process in collaboration with program participants and the Housing Advocate. Negotiate with creditors of past rental housing debt, on behalf of program participants, to lower the amount due or set up a payment plan. Conduct housing inspections as needed to assist program participants to move into housing quickly. Mediate tenancy issues as they arise with program participants’ landlords. 20% Maintain accurate and confidential program participant case records and electronic files in Excel spreadsheets and various databases. Maintain accurate and timely statistics and documentation to meet program goals and contractual requirements. 15% Conduct a needs assessment with the family, and work with families to create an individualized service plan based on housing-focused goals and ability to achieve those goals. Regularly assess and reassess program participants’ financial situations and supportive service needs such as income assistance, budgeting and credit repair; incorporate into goal plans and provide limited financial assistance where necessary. Review and actively monitor and update goals and assist program participants in making progress toward meeting goals. 5% Participate in program, Department and agency meetings and relevant trainings as required, as well as inter-agency groups (including All Home and Wellspring) that provide assistance and advocacy to homeless families. _The duties listed above are intended only as illustrations of the various types of work that may be performed. The omission of specific statements of duties does not exclude them from the position if the work is similar, related, or a logical assignment to the position._