A Great Place to Work Last year, we transformed the P2P payments industry with Zelle. 247-million transactions and $75-billion later, consumers love us as much as our amazing team of talented people. Come join the most INNOVATIVE FinTech company in Arizona. Linux System Administrator Overall Purpose Works within the Cloud and Platform Engineering Team. Assist in the administration of cloud and physical infrastructure. This position provides daily administration, systems reporting, and monitoring of availability for IT systems. The role ensures system health is optimized to support internal and external customers. In addition to daily production support duties this position is expected to handle escalated IT support requests, supporting business needs as tier III support. Essential Functions Use combination of monitoring systems to perform daily health checks to proactively manage Early Warning systems and prescribes preventive maintenance tasks as appropriate Design, create and maintain comprehensive documentation of best practices for all implemented system configurations Represent the Systems Group in cross functional standups, ensuring that best practices and consistent methodologies are considered Recommend and implement changes to existing hardware and operating system infrastructure including patches, users, file systems and kernel parameters Diagnose and resolve hardware related server problems (failed disks, network cards, CPU, memory, etc.) and act as escalation point to troubleshoot hardware and operating system problems and suggest possible performance tuning Work with database and application teams to gather requirements for new projects and expansion to existing applications Provide software evaluation support Work closely with other technical team members and departments to recommend solutions and resolve priority issues in timely manner Interact with multiple internal customers and external vendors and partners to provide quality customer service Participate in 24x7 on-call rotation and act as escalation point for other Systems personnel Support the company's commitment to protect the integrity and confidentiality of systems and data. Minimum Qualifications Education and experience typically obtained through completion of an Associates degree in Technology or equivalent work experience in a related field. Linux and/or Windows experience required Minimum 3 years work experience in a medium to large scale enterprise. Knowledge with the following disciplines: o Bash scripting experience o Troubleshooting production application issues o Design and safely perform changes to the production site o Experience with virtualization technologies o Install, maintain and patch physical & virtual servers (Windows and Linux) o Hardening servers to meet security compliance General knowledge of networking and network security hardware and software High level of customer responsiveness, excellent documentation and communication skills and attention to detail Ability to assess and describe technical situations and severity to both technical and non-technical personnel Strong analytical skills Ability to work independently and collaboratively Ability to receive and execute on work received via a ticketing system Ability to work and multi-task in a fast paced environment Experienced with security and encryption protocols Comfort with facilitating collaboration, open communication and reaching across functional borders Preferred Qualifications AWS Development Experience Familiar with “Infrastructure as Code” Hands-on Chef experience Knowledge of enterprise application integration and messaging technologies preferred The above job description is not intended to be an all-inclusive list of duties and standards of the position. Incumbents will follow instructions and perform other related duties as assigned by their supervisor. Physical Requirements Working conditions consist of a normal office environment. Work is primarily sedentary and requires extensive use of a computer and involves sitting for periods of approximately four hours. Work may require occasional standing, walking, kneeling, and reaching. Must be able to lift 10 pounds occasionally and/or negligible amount of force frequently. Requires visual acuity and dexterity to view, prepare, and manipulate documents and office equipment including personal computers. Employee must be able to perform essential functions and physical requirements of position with or without reasonable accommodation. _Early Warning is an equal opportunity employer that takes affirmative action to employ, and advance in employment, qualified minorities, women, individuals with disabilities and covered veterans._