RMW architecture & interiors, is an innovative, award-winning architecture and interior design firm, with a collaborative culture. Our mission is to design engaging workplaces for great companies. We are currently experiencing exciting growth and seek an Intermediate Interior Designer to play a pivotal role in our San Jose studio. Essential Function: Responsible for design and presentation drafting on interior design projects, including schematic design tasks and design development. Considering a project’s scope, size and complexity, an intermediate interior designer may work independently on small-scale projects or within a larger design team on larger, more complex projects. Responsibilities: Coordinate and assist in the development of the client’s program. Coordinate on program, budget, and schedule for timely and appropriate design development. Develop design alternatives to meet the client’s programmatic requirements. Research and complete material and finish selections. Develop presentation materials that communicate the design concept(s) to the client. Assist client with selection of FF &E; systems, freestanding furniture, and furniture dealers. Coordinate FF&E; specifications and installation as required. Assist construction administrator in reviewing construction for general conformance with the design concept. Assist in preparing, reviews and evaluates cost estimates during Schematic and Design Development phases. Meet with clients to coordinate design decisions. Assist in maintaining the RMW database. Ensure that the project meets general firm goals, standards, and quality assurance, as well as monitors liability exposure. Ability to devise new and multiple approaches to a design problem. Ability to make significant changes to a project with principal review. Education / Certification / Experience Requirement: NCIDQ certification preferred: Professional degree or recognized equivalent. General experience on medium size projects of 25,000 sq. Ft. or more with budgets of over one million of dollars in construction and FF &E;, and 5-7 years of experience are required for this position. Experience coordinating project resources, including project consultants. Proficient knowledge of different drafting software. Highly creative with the ability to execute high levels of design. Problem solver with a strong sense of design, color and materials. Technically-minded. Strong follow-through and attention to detail is required. Excellent organizational skills and the ability to multi-task and to work within a team structure. Highly effective interpersonal skills and excellent oral and written communication skills. Positive attitude with a strong aptitude for learning. Awareness of building codes, materials, costs and drawing techniques. For consideration, please email your resume and work samples to hr@rmw.com referencing the job title on the email subject. No phone calls, please. RMW architecture & interiors is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer.