Our past is full of iconic moments — but our future is going to spark many more. We're looking for the people who'll help make our next decade just as revolutionary as our first five. If you're one of the super-talented who thrive on change, aren't afraid to take risks and love to make a difference, you're the right fit. Come grow with us. In GapTech, we are obsessed with our internal customers’ success. We set the bar high and our goal is to always deliver value to our customers and exceed their expectations. This Tech Support IT Administrator I role is part of the Employee Enablement Organization which is a service focused organization that acts with empathy, urgency and a strong drive to deliver the highest quality results and outstanding customer experience. Within the Tech Support organization, the primary focus for this IT Administrator I role is to ensure that the customer’s support needs are met quickly and help the team to consistently deliver great customer service by going above and beyond our customers’ expectations. This role will be able to support our different tech support service channels and work closely with our hardware fulfillment team to ensure a seamless end to end experience for hardware and software deployments. The IT Administrator I is customer focused and works well with other GapTech teams to drive results and challenge status quo. The IT Administrator I will need to be able to adapt to a fast-paced dynamic environment. Whether it’s working our Tech Bars or supporting our hardware fulfillment team, the IT Administrator I will continue to work closely with the team to meet or exceed our customer expectations. Key Responsibilities Provide exceptional IT support (Incident and IMAC) to internal customers, across geographical locations ensuring an overall high level of customer satisfaction on an ongoing basis. Support our customers within a lean operating model by influencing creative solutions, thinking differently, and driving results. Ensure service levels (SLAs) for customers are met, identifies opportunities for improvements and implements these as agreed upon. Provide exceptional customer support at Tech Bar. Support our services at our Tech Bars including the vending machine. Provide support for our hardware fulfillment team by setting up and deploying hardware and software. Meet and exceed a high level of ticket productivity, while delivering great customer service. Supporting our hardware lifecycle by assisting with our E Waste cycle. Complete workstation replacements for users that qualify for new workstation replacements Test, configure, install and manage and repair of all IT related equipment (Hardware and Software). Drive improvements to our Knowledge base when opportunities are found for FCR and FLR. Accurately log and track ticket related workload. High customer engagement & focus- Ensure internal customers are kept informed at all times regarding the status of any outstanding call they have placed with the IT service desk or any other GapTech team. Form effective relationships with the Business, Brands, Corporate functions, Delivery, Apps Support, fellow team members and External Service Providers Above all, support people as opposed to the technology Key Experiences/Qualifications Minimum of 2+ years of relevant experience in IT support. Minimum of 1-2 years in Tech Bar customer facing support Minimum of 1-2 years of MAC OS X Support Minimum of 2-3 years support of Windows Operating System Experience with Corporate IT support environment Experience working in a highly matrix environment Tolerance for ambiguity in a constantly changing environment Appropriate sense of urgency and ability to make timely decisions High energy level and creative problem-solving abilities. Excellent verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills with ability to present complex ideas in clear, concise fashion to technical and non-technical groups Proven analytical, evaluative, and problem-solving abilities. Self-motivated team player Thorough understanding of Service Now tool and customer support environment KEY BENEFITS: Merchandise discount for our brands: 50% off regular-priced merchandise at Gap, Banana Republic and Old Navy, 30% off at Outlet and 25% off at Athleta. One of the most competitive Paid Time Off plans in the industry. Employees can take up to five “on the clock” hours each month to volunteer at a charity of their choice. Extensive 401(k) plan with company matching for contributions up to four percent of an employee’s base pay. Employee stock purchase plan. Employees receive medical, dental, vision and life insurance. Employees can apply for tuition reimbursement. Family care programs. Commuter benefits. Pet Discount Program. For eligible employees Gap Inc. is an equal-opportunity employer and is committed to providing a workplace free from harassment and discrimination. We are committed to recruiting, hiring, training and promoting qualified people of all backgrounds, and make all employment decisions without regard to any protected status. In 2016, Gap Inc. was named one of the Best Places to Work by the Human Rights Campaign for the thirteenth consecutive year and was the sole winner of the Catalyst award for equality in the workplace in 2016.