J.Crew is seeking an Enterprise Architect to join our dynamic IT organization. This position will support our continued efforts of a New Crew across our digital platforms. Responsibilities: Work as part of a small dedicated Enterprise Architecture team to manage the definition and maintenance of a comprehensive and cross-functional enterprise architecture for the company through regular reviews and coordination with major business stakeholders and technology stakeholders. This role will focus mainly on the digital and marketing strategy and transformation. Defines a practical, implementable and actionable architectural vision and framework, tailored to business partner requirements Ensures that non-functional requirements have been included and are implements as part of solution architecture. Provides ongoing guidance and governance throughout the implementation and ongoing operation of the platform the architecture is supporting. Defines and develops further the architectural standards (at abstract enterprise level) and SLAs Creates conceptual architecture documentation based on company’s digital strategy Develops and maintains functional plans for the enterprise architecture (roadmaps, critical dependencies, etc.), including a release strategy, at enterprise level If required, can create equal artefacts at business, organizational, IT and/or infrastructure level Analyses the existing business, organization, IT management and IT landscape (applications, data-architecture, technology, operations, workplace etc.) and builds a gap analysis to the desired future state Analyses the maturity of key IT processes and application architectures Continuously demonstrates a very broad range of business and technical expertise, combined with in-depth of knowledge in several specific industries and/or solution areas (applications, operations, middleware, collaboration, networking, data center, security and operations) Participate in the Architecture Review Board to review, assess and provide guidance to applications and architecture presented from other business / technology areas. Skills required: Forward thinker who is able to envision and consider the future state while still balancing the practicalities of the immediate constraints. Ability to solve complex problems in complex and loosely defined contexts, through raw analytical power and previous experience Ability to collect, interpret and cluster relevant information from business partners and third parties in order to create and orchestrate relevant and innovative architectures. Clearly demonstrates leadership in tackling multiple, complex issues to create effective and long-lasting solutions, guiding and advising the customer Ability to create high-quality documentation and presentations reflecting tangible architectures and related topics Excellent and flawless presentation skills, strong communications skills and customer influencing and relationship skills at all levels of the organization Experienced track record working with senior (CxO) managers Experience in the following architecture areas within a large-scale enterprise solution architecture … Application Architecture Integration Architecture Data Architecture Infrastructure Architecture Security Architecture High-level Enterprise Architecture Skills in directing federated teams comprised of direct reports, matrixed reports and 3rd parties. Experience architecting and / or migrating enterprise application to any of the major public cloud providers. Experience architecting highly-scalable, elastic architectures for high-volume transactional customer-facing application Experience defining non-functional application requirements Knowledge of architecting micros-services applications. Experience preferred. Knowledge of server-less architecture and developing application in this fashion. Experience preferred. Hands-experience with AWS is a big plus. Knowledge of Enterprise Architecture frameworks such as TOGAF etc. Experience working with online commerce and omni-channel retail business practices Experience working with marketing organizations and marketing analytics solutions and other marketing processes Experience working with an Agile DEVOPS development methodology using continuous integration / continuous deployment (CI/CD) processes Education/Experience/Certifications: Bacheler’s degree required, with IT focused specialization. MS. and/or MBA/eMBA is a plus Requires 10+ years working experience, with 5+ in senior solution architect or enterprise architecture role Requires 5-7+ years engineering experience developing and operating software solutions at scale in an enterprise retail environment Requires 5-7 years working in an agile delivery environment and versed in scrum, LESS, Safe and other agile delivery frameworks at scale IT consulting / systems integration with strong business background is a strong plus IT or LOB senior staff technology roles, preferably in Public Sector, Financial Services, Retail CPG, Manufacturing, Logistics, or Service Provider. Architecture and/or IT framework certifications such as TOGAF, CoBit, ITIL, etc. are not required but are a plus Preferred technology experience: Application Architecture: HTML, javascript, Node.js, next.js, React.js, Java, Java, Python, Redis, AWS ElasticSearch Integration / API Architecture: JSON, REST, SOAP, XML, AWS Lambda, AWS API Manager, Open API specification Data Architecture: Oracle DBMS, SQL Server, NoSQL Databases (Mongo., Couchbase, AWS Dynamo), Event Driven data architectures such as Kinesis, Data warehousing (SAP BW, SAP HANA, AWS Redshift), Logical data modelling, physical data modelling, big data architectures, analytics and predictive modeling Infrastructure Architecture: Hypervisors (VMWare ESX), AWS EC2, storage and SAN/NAS concepts, Load-balancing concepts, firewall concepts Security Architecture: multi-tier security, OWASP, OAuth, API security, Web Application Firewalls, auditing Operational Architecture: Enterprise application monitoring, application lifecycle management, performance management Typical output : Architecture artefacts at conceptual, enterprise-level Architecture documentation at business and IT level Architecture assessments and benchmarks Future state architecture visions and definitions Architecture and Technology standards Design option analysis and recommendations Business and IT maturity analyses Daily participation in functional team design reviews and scrums Architecture Review Board reviews and assessments Business Cases J.Crew Group, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) Employer We are committed to affirmatively providing equal opportunity to all associates and qualified applicants without regard to race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, sex, marital status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, legally protected physical or mental disability or any other basis protected under applicable law.