The Database Administrator is a member of RSM’s technical services group and is responsible for the operational support of Microsoft SQL Database platform. The database administrator will work closely with Senior DBA, IT management and other functional groups to deploy, administer and provide level three support for the company’s enterprise database systems. He/she must have excellent written and oral communication skills and be able to work, collaborate and coordinate between technical and non-technical people within the company. Essential Duties: Provide troubleshooting support for Microsoft SQL servers. Monitor and manage server health, functionality and availability related to database servers. Install, configure, secure and maintain technical Dev, QA and Production environments. Configure and Integrate 3rd party applications and add-ons. Regular review of event logs and performance monitors through the creation of alerts. Participates in disaster recovery practices. Provides direct support of Microsoft SQL servers, databases and related enterprise applications. Supports internal development, functional technology and project teams on a recurring basis. Monitors and optimizes system performance based on Microsoft best practices. Implements upgrades, enhancements and fixes following established change management procedures. Works with Microsoft Support and other 3rd party vendors in resolution of support issues on as-needed basis. Adheres to technical standards, procedures and techniques for the resolution of enterprise database problems to ensure maximum application availability and performance. Collaborates with other IT technical engineers, developers and Program Management personnel. Participates in scheduled and unscheduled weekend/after-hours system maintenance and support. Performs rotational on-call duty. Other duties as assigned. Education: Post-Secondary degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Information Systems or equivalent work history/experience (Required) Experience: Minimum of 3 years of Information Services/Technology experience (Required) Minimum of 1 Year Database Administrator experience with Microsoft SQL or similar relational database (Required) MS SQL Certifications (Preferred) Project Team Involvement (Preferred) Technical Skills: Microsoft Windows Server (Required) Microsoft SQL Server - basic operations to include backup and recovery (Required) Microsoft SQL Server Reporting Services knowledge (Preferred) Microsoft SQL Server Integration Services experience(Preferred) Microsoft PowerShell experience (Preferred) IT Development (.NET, C) experience (Preferred) You want your next step to be the right one. You've worked hard to get where you are today. And now you're ready to use your unique skills, talents and personality to achieve great things. RSM is a place where you are valued as an individual, mentored as a future leader, and recognized for your accomplishments and potential. Working directly with clients, key decision makers and business owners across various industries and geographies, you'll move quickly along the learning curve and our clients will benefit from your fresh perspective. Experience RSM US. Experience the power of being understood. RSM is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. Minorities/Females/Disabled/Veterans.