Overview GoPuff is seeking several exceptionally talented Data Analyst to help drive business results by continuing to improve decision making across the organization using data and insights as the focus point. This role will directly report into a centralized data & analytics department. The analytics team is a newly formed team so you will have the opportunity to establish how we process and analyze data throughout the company. You will be embedded within one or more departments (Marketing, Operations, Merchandising, Supply Chain, Finance, or Business Strategy) and be a strategic partner to the leader of the department. You will also spend time collaborating, sharing insights and best practices with other data analysts within the centralized data & analytics department. Additionally, you will manage data integrity, ownership over data tools and recurring reporting. This is an important role for the organization as data is at the center of our operations and decisions. Ideal candidates will have strong analytical skills, experience with a variety of top-notch data tools (and moving between tools) as well as excellent communication skills - explaining complex problems and datasets. You will be great at both responding to questions from other departments and having the vision to initiate new projects as needed. Success in this role requires a strong bias for action and the ability to consistently perform at the highest level. The successful candidate will combine a passion for innovative analysis with attention to detail and a tenacity to overcome difficult and complex analytical challenges. Ideally, this person will have worked in a similar role and will feel comfortable interacting with other stakeholders and senior management on a regular basis. Responsibilities Responsible for all data accuracy and integrity within the respective department that you will be partnering with Responsible for driving data insights and helping them continuously make better business decisions Support ongoing analysis of business performance trends and insights to inform how to operate and optimize the business on a regular basis Design and build dashboards to monitor and understand business health within your respective group Partner with other data analysts that support other functions of the business and collaborate, share insights and best practices to ensure consistency of decision making throughout the organization Responsible for all the recurring reporting processes within your supported department Define business processes, document business definitions of data, maintain data dictionaries and metadata. Locate and define new process improvement opportunities. Perform deep-dives to analyze problems and opportunities by researching, building models, and suggesting experiments based on data insights You will drive ad-hoc analysis and reporting on a frequent basis Qualifications 4+ Years of industry working experience in analyzing large datasets and solving business problems BS and above in Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Engineering, Economics or other quantitative discipline Proficient with SQL or other querying language Working experience with MySQL, Amazon Redshift, Hive, and other databases Expertise with Google analytics, Tableau; other similar analytics tools are a plus Familiar with R, Python or other scripting languages A deep understanding of statistical analysis and experiment design; can pick up appropriate tools for the challenges at hand Strong written and verbal communication skills, can effectively synthesize, visualize, and present your ideas and results. Critical thinking: You are thoughtful, self-aware, and use available evidence to make decisions. Relentlessly high standards and a high attention to detail A team player and an intellectually curious self-starter. Bonus Points for past experience on highly successful web platforms Bonus Points for past experience leading or managing a data or product analyst team Bonus Points for past experience in ecommerce and/or subscription media businesses