Job Summary Oversees and directs all activities of an assigned Information Technology functional group or groups. Directs tactical and operational Information Technology provisioning infrastructure to support the enterprise's business goals. Aligns and calibrates the organization's technology deployment strategy with its business strategy. Oversees technology purchases and services provided to multiple internal customers. Directs the development and implementation of technologies to support business objectives. Establishes and implements enterprise-level technology standards and processes. Approves, plans and budgets for all assets in area of responsibility. Directs and oversees the Program Management Office (PMO) to ensure IT programs and projects meet organization goals and requirements. Develops and implements PMO processes and policies, directs project management staff, and works with other department leaders to define, prioritize, and develop projects and programs. Distinguishing Characteristics: This is a job classification within the Information Technology job family. Oversees and directs all activities of an assigned Information Technology functional group or groups. Provides executive leadership and assists top Information Technology executive in developing, planning, and administering short- and long-term information and telecommunications functions to meet organizational needs. Manages through subordinate managers. This classification may require a flexible work schedule in order to meet the needs of the department. Duties and Responsibilities Oversees and directs all activities of an assigned Information Technology functional group or groups. Provides technical leadership and direction in ensuring the successful integration of new methods and technologies with existing systems. Provides leadership, management and coordination in planning, organizing, implementing and evaluating operations in accordance with Federal, State and Local laws, policies, procedures, guidelines and enterprise goals and objectives. Oversees and directs through subordinate managers staff, including hiring, training, performance evaluation, disciplinary actions and dismissals, and directs activities to be consistent with goals and objectives. Seeks and creates opportunities for improved performance, learning and development of staff and identifies and addresses problems or conflicts. Develops, recommends and oversees implementation of strategic plans to accomplish goals and objectives and improve effectiveness and efficiency of services. Directs tactical and operational Information Technology provisioning infrastructure to support the enterprise's business goals. Aligns and calibrates the organization's technology deployment strategy with its business strategy. Directs the development and implementation of technologies to support business objectives. Establishes and implements enterprise-level technology standards and processes. Assists in preparing and administering annual department budget. Monitors budget expenditures to ensure consistent with department goals and objectives and within available funds. Approves, plans and budgets for all assets in area of responsibility. Performs other job-related duties as assigned. Minimum Requirements Education and Experience : Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Business Administration or a directly related field AND ten (10) years of increasingly relevant responsible experience, including five (5) years of mid- to senior level supervisory or management experience; OR, Any combination of education and experience that has been achieved and is equivalent to the stated education and experience and required knowledge, skills, and abilities sufficient to successfully perform the duties and responsibilities of this job. Licenses, Registrations, Certifications, or Special Requirements: Valid Texas Driver's License. Preferred: Master's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Business Administration or a directly related field. Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities : Knowledge of: Management and supervisory principles, practices and techniques. Policies, practices, procedures and terminology of assigned function. Federal, State, Local and County applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines. Information technology hardware, software and peripherals as related to assigned function. Communications and networking, network and systems security. Budget preparation and office management. Computer equipment to include word processing, spreadsheets, databases and a variety of software packages. Skill in: Directing and managing staff, allocating resources and evaluating programs. Working with executive management and Elected/Appointed Officials. Leadership, collaboration and negotiation techniques, including contracts, agreements and proposals. Managing user expectations and satisfaction. Developing and evaluating Requests for Proposals (RFPs). Strategic planning, developing, monitoring and evaluating. Developing and monitoring programs and related budgets. Problem-solving and decision-making. Both verbal and written communication, including presentations and communicating technical issues in non-technical language. Ability to: Direct, motivate, train, develop and evaluate staff. Work independently and efficiently and as part of a team. Manage time well, perform multiple tasks and organize diverse activities. Research, compile, analyze, interpret and prepare a variety of memorandums or reports. Work with both the big picture and the small details. Plan and direct the planning efforts of others. Establish and maintain effective working relationships with departmental clientele, representatives of outside agencies and providers, other County employees and officials, and the general public. Work Environment & Other Information Physical requirements include the ability to lift/carry up to 35-40 pounds occasionally, visual acuity, speech and hearing, hand and eye coordination and manual dexterity necessary to operate a computer and office equipment. Subject to standing, sitting, walking, climbing, crawling, bending, stooping, crouching, kneeling, pushing, pulling, reaching, twisting, balancing, repetitive motion, and squatting to perform the essential functions. Subject to exposure to variations in extreme heat, cold, mechanical, fume/odor, and dust/mites. This job description is intended to be generic in nature. It is not necessarily an exhaustive list of all duties and responsibilities. The essential duties, functions and responsibilities and overtime eligibility may vary based on the specific tasks assigned to the position. This position may close at any time based on a qualified candidate pool. Work Hours: 8:00 AM to 5:00 PM Monday through Friday. Works some holidays, evenings, and weekends. Department: Information Technology Location: 700 Lavaca, Austin Successful Texas Criminal Justice Information Systems (CJIS) Background Check Required