NAMSA is a global medical device research organization providing a comprehensive range of services to prove efficacy, non-clinical and clinical safety of medical devices, IVDs, HCT/P and combination products. NAMSA has breadth and depth in consulting, non-clinical and clinical services with expertise in cardiovascular, orthopedic, ocular, neurologic, gastroenterologic, urologic, combination product and related medical devices. For more than 50 years, NAMSA clients utilize its testing and consulting services to bring safe and effective products to market. Principal Duties and Responsibilities Lead the metrics and analytics program related to the operational performance of the division. Advise/strategize with functional and financial leaders to establish metrics and set appropriate performance targets and provide progress reports. Help grow and improve the business by providing prospective and retrospective measurements of cost, productivity, efficiency, predictability, quality, and compliance to facilitate timely and informed decision making. Create dashboards to provide both detailed and high level metrics and analysis for various aspects of operations. Standardize data so that it can be readily used and optimized. Ability to accumulate data/metrics without specific Data Visualization and Analytical software to produce metrics and analytics. Provide analytics and performance measures to support assessments of vendor performance. Liaise with NAMSA systems and functional leads to ensure the integrity of the data. In close collaboration with NAMSA systems functional leadership, define and deliver data/informatics requirements to support analytics. Monitor and participate in external benchmarking studies and collaborations to drive continuous improvement and innovation in analytics and reporting. May take on additional duties and responsibilities. Qualifications and Skills BS in a related discipline; advance degree highly desired 5+ years of relevant industry experience within a CRO or consulting for medical device/pharma/biotech is required Functional leadership experience highly desirable. Extensive experience in performance metrics and reporting, analytics, goal setting, and balanced score cards associated with clinical trial planning, management and execution. Ability to translate complex business questions and requirements and develop effective solutions Strong business acumen, excellent analytical and financial skills Demonstrated effective influencing and negotiating, good interpersonal and leadership skills, a team player Self-motivated, works effectively under pressure Detail oriented Ability to mine data to identify trends Effective verbal and written communication skills in relating to colleagues and Associates both inside and outside the organization Technical Competencies Strong knowledge of medical research and product development business environment Understanding of financial information and the impact of project financials to NAMSA’s and/or clients’ businesses. Ability to work in a highly matrixed team environment and handle multiple priorities and issues, foster a cooperative work environment with high quality standards, and effectively facilitate and manage meetings. NAMSA is committed to providing equal employment opportunities (EEO) and treatment for every person seeking employment with or employed by our company. The Company will not fail or refuse to hire any individual, discharge any individual, or otherwise discriminate against any individual by reason of a person’s race, color, creed, religion, national origin, sex, disability, age, citizenship, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, marital status, gender identity, or status with regard to public assistance or any other characteristic, status, or condition protected by law. Employment decisions are based solely upon qualifications and merit. We recognize that diversity and inclusion is a driving force in the success of our company