Personal Systems MBA Project Management Intern Summer 2019 About Us Innovation is in HP’s DNA. From our origins in a Palo Alto garage in 1939, to our current position as one of the world’s leading technology companies, HP has grown to become a leader in technology and corporate culture, inspiring innovators and entrepreneurs around the globe. HP brings together a portfolio that spans printing, personal computing, software and services to serve more than 1 billion customers in over 170 countries. We are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive workplace that attracts exceptional talent and to supporting our employees to succeed at all levels. We dream in over 35 languages and share one mission: to engineer experiences that amaze. Join us for a 12-week paid summer internship designed to let you apply your classroom learnings to real world challenges. Our internships have a thoughtful balance of networking, executive speakers, community involvement, big meaty projects (no paper filing here) and fun! About You Think strategically, execute tactically. You have the skill to work at a strategic level with leaders and the ability to roll up your sleeves and work tactically with individuals across the team to drive results. Data Driven Decision Making. You ground yourself in insights and data to be the voice of the Customer. Passionate. You are passionate about building great products and user experiences and have the ability to inspire passion in others to create a shared vision that people can adopt as their own. Crave Ownership. You take accountability and do not expect someone else to make the tough decisions for you. You take responsibility when things don’t go as planned, but never fail to share your successes. Creativity. You exist outside the box; your thinking and creativity are as varied as your approach to solving problems. Communicate persuasively. You use data and your insights to present recommendations and ideas. Responsibilities As a product management intern, within our Personal Systems business, you will: Derive a narrative through rapid prototyping and design thinking that spans from idea generation through direct customer interaction Develop product roadmaps, document user stories, and define product requirements Partner cross-functionally to ideate, prioritize, and deliver frictionless customer experiences, quick time to market, and optimal resources Help our product teams gain a deep understanding of customer experience, identify and fill product gaps, and generate new ideas that grow market share, improve customer experience and drive growth Develop business case analysis and validate products and services with end customers Create buy-in for the product vision both internally and with key external partners Act as an HP Brand Ambassador and reinforce the brand at every step of product development and delivery Education MBA students strongly preferred We are looking for visionaries who are ready to make an impact on the way the world works. At HP, the future is yours to create. Thanks for taking the time to review our job, if you think it is a match to your knowledge and interests please apply today— we are eager to learn more about you.