Who We Are We’re America’s largest mortgage lender, closing loans in all 50 states. J.D Power ranked Quicken Loans “Highest in Customer Satisfaction in Primary Mortgage Origination” for the past eight consecutive years, 2010 – 2017. The company was also ranked highest in the nation for client satisfaction among mortgage servicers by J.D. Power for four consecutive years, 2014 through 2017, each year the company was eligible. There’s a simple reason we’ve been so successful: We care about the people we work with. If you’re tired of stuffy, bureaucratic workplaces, then you’ll be delighted to find something different here. We strive to make a creative, fun and collaborative environment you simply won’t find anywhere else. Quicken Loans was named 1 in ESSENCE Magazine’s first ever list of “Best Places to Work for African Americans” in 2015. We've been on Computerworld's "Best Places to Work in IT" list for 13 years running, hitting 1 the last five years. We were also ranked 14 in FORTUNE Magazine’s list of "100 Best Companies to Work For" in 2018, remaining in the top-30 for the past 15 years. What You'll Do/Need The Solution Architect is responsible for designing enterprise-scale solutions that are robust, scalable and highly available. The Solution Architect is focused on integration patterns and best practices. Ideally, the Solution Architect has experience with distributed-systems design, which includes cloud-capable systems and deployments. Responsibilities Foster cross-platform development, collaboration and solutions Design fault-tolerant, scalable and decoupled software solutions Lead technology decision making with a strong emphasis on the reasoning behind those decisions Research new technologies and their potential impact our current processes Identify areas of improvement between systems, and help design solutions Build standards and best practices for cross-cutting software development concerns Teach and mentor architects and engineers to expand their knowledge of software development and standards Requirements Technical knowledge, business acumen and strong interpersonal skills Strong verbal and written communication skills Experience with system design and collaboration Ability to adapt to new technologies and learn quickly What’ll Make You Special Experience with architectural design tools, including Microsoft Visio, OmniGraffle and Gliffy What You'll Get Excellent benefits package that includes a 401(k) match, medical/dental/vision, and much more Opportunities to participate in professional and personal development programs, including personal empowerment coaching, leadership training and ongoing personal growth training Other incentives, contests and rewards, including trips, event tickets, cash prizes, and more Why We're Different Corporate politics not your strong suit? The anti-corporate culture of Quicken Loans gives our team members the initiative to build solutions _together_ and grow both personally and professionally. At Quicken Loans, we’re in the business of putting roofs over our clients’ heads, but we certainly aren’t putting ceilings on our team members’ careers. If you’re interested in working in a place with a philosophy that’s truly different, apply today. Quicken Loans is an equal opportunity employer. _Disclaimer: Quicken Loans received the highest numerical score in the proprietary J.D. Power 2010-2016 Primary Mortgage Origination Studies_ _SM_ _. 2016 study based on 3,267 total responses measuring 13 lenders and measures opinions of consumers who originated a new mortgage. Proprietary study results are based on experiences and perceptions of consumers surveyed in July-August 2016. Your experiences may vary. Visit jdpower.com_ _Quicken Loans is the 1 online lender and the 3rd largest retail mortgage lender in America – according to National Mortgage News._