Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. Recruiting is a core strategic driver of Facebook’s success. We have a world- class team working together to help drive our ambitions and scale to the next level. We conceive practical and creative ways to surface leading talent, and we invest a great deal of time activating passive candidates through a highly engaged approach. We’re passionate about delivering an awesome candidate experience, and that starts with the first conversation a candidate has with us. Oculus, Building 8, Camera, and Social VR are some of the organizations that make up what we at Facebook call FB+. It is the goal of these teams to create and ship new, category-defining consumer hardware and software products that are immersive, social, and define our consumer’s daily experiences. We want to enable people to experience anything, anywhere. As a team of world-class experts, we drive innovation in the areas of augmented and virtual reality, artificial intelligence, connectivity, and more. As a member of our team, you will be responsible for building and cultivating talent pipelines for our hiring needs and will be instrumental in our ability to scale our business and reach our mission of enabling people to experience anything, anywhere. RESPONSIBILITIES Manage full cycle recruiting for multiple, complex searches, creating innovative sourcing strategies and engagement to bring the best talent to each role Develop and execute fully comprehensive sourcing plans, analyzing requirements to determine target profile needs and matches Drive offer process - including extending offers, negotiations, closing candidates, and generating offer letters Collaborate closely with hiring managers throughout the recruiting process to ensure we meet their hiring needs and goals Regularly manage pipeline activity and maintain data integrity, and proactively share data-centric updates with internal stakeholders Facilitate and lead meetings and key initiatives and projects with client groups, and with the recruiting teams, that will continuously improve and scale our recruiting operations and results Establish and maintain meaningful relationships with management and key cross- functional stakeholders internally (e.g. Recruiting, HR, Compensation, and Diversity teams) Coordinate closely with recruiting team members to innovate our research strategy for talent pooling, market mapping and competitor analysis MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS 3+ years full-cycle technical recruiting experience Experience with sourcing and finding, engaging and activating passive candidates Experience with candidate care and balancing process with a candidate experience Knowledge with recruiting tools, applicant tracking systems, data management/reporting techniques and software collaboration tools Experience partnering and working with leadership and executive teams Experience with communication and working cross-functionally