Requisition ID: 185500 Work Area: Software-Development Operations Expected Travel: 0 - 10% Career Status: Professional Employment Type: Regular Full Time COMPANY DESCRIPTION SAP started in 1972 as a team of five colleagues with a desire to do something new. Together, they changed enterprise software and reinvented how business was done. Today, as a market leader in enterprise application software, we remain true to our roots. That’s why we engineer solutions to fuel innovation, foster equality and spread opportunity for our employees and customers across borders and cultures. SAP values the entrepreneurial spirit, fostering creativity and building lasting relationships with our employees. We know that a diverse and inclusive workforce keeps us competitive and provides opportunities for all. We believe that together we can transform industries, grow economics, lift up societies and sustain our environment. Because it’s the best-run businesses that make the world run better and improve people’s lives. SAP’s Cloud Architecture and Engineering team is driving strategic programs and projects to engineer the next generation cloud network infrastructure. The team works very close with leading cloud companies and innovative startups within the Silicon Valley and around the globe. We are looking for a lead network security architect to develop the next generation security infrastructure. Expectations and Tasks Lead technical development and architecture of next generation network & security strategy Design and engineer security solutions for SAP's cloud infrastructure Work with a global team in multiple time zones (Germany, Northern Ireland, United States California) Education and Qualifications Master degree and 8+ years of experience in designing/securing enterprise environments 12+ years of relevant working experience Effective organizational, multitasking and prioritization abilities with attention to detail Excellent written and verbal communication skills, and a data-driven analytical approach to solving complex challenges Experiences in engineering as a senior contributor and proven leader. In-depth understanding of network security best practices and methodologies. Excellent knowledge of IDS, IPS, NGFW, CDN, SG, IAM, and SDN. Excellent knowledge of common protocols, e.g. TCP, BGP, MPLS, HTTPS, IPMI, DHCP. Relevant certifications: CISSP, CISM, CISA Must be able to work onsite in Palo Alto, CA, local candidates preferred WHAT YOU GET FROM US Success is what you make it. At SAP, we help you make it your own. A career at SAP can open many doors for you. If you’re searching for a company that’s dedicated to your ideas and individual growth, recognizes you for your unique contributions, fills you with a strong sense of purpose, and provides a fun, flexible and inclusive work environment – apply now. SAP'S DIVERSITY COMMITMENT To harness the power of innovation, SAP invests in the development of its diverse employees. We aspire to leverage the qualities and appreciate the unique competencies that each person brings to the company. SAP is committed to the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity and to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team. (Americas:Careers.NorthAmerica@sap.com or Careers.LatinAmerica@sap.com, APJ: Careers.APJ@sap.com, EMEA: Careers@sap.com). Requests for reasonable accommodation will be considered on a case-by-case basis. Successful candidates might be required to undergo a background verification with an external vendor. EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability: Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their age, race, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status or disability. Successful candidates might be required to undergo a background verification with an external vendor. Additional Locations: