Purpose: Maintains and supports all office functions ensuring facility paper flow is complete and all internal and external documents are accurate. Responsible for maintaining files for customer accounts, electronic data transmissions, and other duties as needed. Provides administrative support to managers, regional managers, leads, associates, I.S. and Finance Departments, transportation (rail & truck) representatives and customers with day to day operations and special projects. Ensures the integrity of Vehicle Inventory Processing System information through the monitoring and balancing of vehicle receipts, inventory, services, and shipments. Essential Duties: Performs administrative duties for facility and managers Complete all month end reports for facility customers Import and export production totals to respective customer headquarters Ensure proper updates to proprietary inventory system (VIPS) Research and process Warranty claims (as required) Provides operation support to customers on an as needed basis Prepares rail bills and overland trucking bills Ensure accuracy on all reports and correspondences leaving the facility Read, interpret, and execute communications from the customer Able to react to change productively and handle other essential tasks as assigned Answer phones for facility Comply with new and existing policies/procedures Maintain a clean, well-organized, and professional appearance in your work area. Maintain good rapport with facility Terminal Managers, other Administrative Support personnel, and Corporate Office Backs up HR Department as needed, such as ordering temporary labor as directed by the facility and setting the attendance line. Ability to work overtime when needed Other duties as assigned General Description: To assist department/account/terminal managers with daily production paperwork and data transmission needs and act as a liaison for the facility’s management team, associates, and I.S. and Finance Departments. Accommodates any and all office related duties to ensure a smooth running facility. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES REQUIRED Above average skills with the computer including using Microsoft Office Products, i.e. Word, Excel, and Outlook Minimum Tools Needed: N/A Working Conditions: Office Environment Good vision and hearing Frequent bending, stooping, walking, standing, talking for long periods of time Occasionally standing on feet filing for long periods of time Frequent reaching and pulling movements. Ability to lift 25 pounds Associate must be able to work as part of a team and be able to train other staff as needed Chemicals Involved With: Toner White-out Isopropyl Alcohol Ink Alkaline batteries Sort-kwik Permanent and dry-erase markers Various adhesives Various cleaning supplies Minimum Requirements: High school diploma or equivalency Thorough knowledge and demonstrated skills with MS Office; including intermediate to advance excel Internal and customer computer applications and Access experience a plus. Possess excellent written, verbal, and interpersonal skills to communicate effectively with customers, staff, associates, and management at all levels. Possess strong organizational, analytical, prioritizing, and decision making skills. Ability to accurately, effectively, and calmly handle multiple priorities under pressure. Two years’ experience in administrative work, and customer service or vocational/college education equivalency is preferred. Valid driver’s license with good driving record. Customer computer application and Access experience a plus.