Salesforce Developer Go Ahead Tours – goaheadtours.com Cambridge, MA, USA Go Ahead Tours is GROWING! We are looking for a Salesforce Developer to join our growing customer facing development team. About the platform Go Ahead has been on the Salesforce platform for about 2 years. Our system utilizes Skuid and JavaScript to provide an effective user experience for all staff including Sales, Customer Service Marketing and Operations. On the backend our solution integrates in real time with our website, booking system and Business Intelligence systems. We have built out many advanced features such as real time lead scoring and distribution as well as advanced ownership rules and notification mechanisms. What you'll be working on As a Developer for our Salesforce platform you will guide the technical vision of your team while enforcing coding standards and maintaining quality. You will work on a variety of projects related to our growing business. In addition to Apex you will also work extensively with SQL, HTML and JavaScript. About You 1+ years of experience working with Salesforce Sales Cloud or Service Cloud. Marketing Cloud experience is a plus. 2+ years of professional software development experience An ability to mentor junior developers Consistently learning new languages and technologies Experienced Frontend developer (CSS, JavaScript/JQuery, HTML5) Experienced with Apex and other object oriented programing languages Good understanding of SQL, SOQL & SOSL Experience from systems integrations & RESTful APIs Experience with git, the Salesforce Metadata API, sandboxes & deployment tools Passionate about writing clean and maintainable code A Computer Science graduate or experienced self-taught The Perks We believe that happy people do great work. What makes us happy? Things like: Three weeks paid vacation your first year, increases to four weeks your second year All expenses paid international travel Free in-house language classes On-site restaurant and bar Travel discounts Market-leading benefits package including top of the line health coverage, 401k with company match, and more Learn more about our Development team , Read our blog: https://medium.com/go-ahead-tours-tech-blog Go Ahead Tours offers industry-leading guided group tours to destinations that span all seven continents. For more information, visit www.goaheadtours.com. Go Ahead Tours is a division of EF Education First. Founded in 1965 by entrepreneur Bertil Hult, EF is a privately-held company with 15 divisions that offer a range of educational programs from language training, educational travel, and academic degrees to cultural exchanges. With a mission to open the world through education, EF has helped people of all ages and nationalities become citizens of the world. For more information, visit http://www.ef.com/careers EF is an equal opportunities employer. EF offers competitive salaries and a multicultural working environment. If you are motivated by the prospect of an international career with a dynamic and forward-thinking company, we want to hear from you. For more information, visit www.ef.com/careers.