We invite applications for the position of: STAGEHAND I/II (PART-TIME HOURLY) Stagehand I: $17.97- $21.852 Hourly Stagehand II: $22.81-$27.71 Hourly Why Consider Working for the City of Mountain View? It’s simple. When you become part of the City of Mo u n t a i n V i e w f a m i l y , y o u w i l l w o r k$4 a2l,7o4n6g tsoi d$5e3 a,4 3te3a Amn noufa dllye dicated, Employee Benefits creative and highly motivated professionals, who on a daily basis contribute their talents and commitment in providing essential public services to our residents and businesses. About Our Team You will be joining a passionate team of professionals in a collaborative work environment dedicated to serving the community. Our work has a direct impact on community residents, theater-goers of all ages and the clients that rent our venues. This part-time position works varying shifts including evenings and weekends as needed. The position provides technical services or supervision for rental client events in any of the center’s performance and event areas at the Mountain View Center for Performing Arts. What You Bring Stagehand I  Education equivalent to the completion of the 12th grade.  One year of work experience in Technical Theatre or similar employment in special event operations. Bonus Points!  Working Knowledge in one or more areas of Standard Theatrical Equipment (Stage Lighting, Sound Reinforcement and/or Stage Rigging) Stagehand II  In addition to the requirements for Stagehand I, supervisory and/or event management lead experience in one or more of the following areas in Theatre or Special Events: o Master Carpenter, Master Electrician, Audio Engineer, Master Rigger, Facility or Event Manager What You’ll Do  Provide excellent customer service and awareness to the client’s needs and timeline  Provide a safe working environment for the clients production and event  Adhere to industry standard working procedures and applications in all technical areas participating in Who You Are  Self-motivated in your work style and passionate about the world of performing arts  Detail-oriented with the ability to multi-task and prioritize assignments  A diligent worker with a positive attitude and willingness to learn  Professional and clear in communication  A team-player who is both focused and enthusiastic Are You Ready? Apply. Submit your application and resume online at www.calopps.org or to the Human Resources Division of City of Mountain View, 500 Castro Street, Mountain View, CA 94041, (650) 903-6309. Application materials will be screened on a continuous basis. This recruitment is subject to close at any time. The most appropriately qualified candidates will be invited to a department interview. Contact Human Resources at (650) 903-6309, or Steve Crandell at (650) 903-6575 with any questions. The Fine Print Candidates with a disability who may require special assistance in any phase of the application or testing process should advise the Human Resources Division upon submittal of application. Documentation of the need for accommodation must accompany the request. The City of Mountain View is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE). Prior to hire, candidates will be required to successfully complete a preemployment process, including employment verification and a Department of Justice (DOJ) fingerprint check. A conviction history will not necessarily disqualify an applicant from appointment; however, failure to disclose a conviction will result in disqualification or termination. STAGEHAND I/II CITY OF MOUNTAIN VIEW STAGEHAND I/II (PART-TIME HOURLY) Supplemental Questionnaire Please answer the following questions and submit with your application. Please limit your responses to one page per each question or less. 1\. Which of the following do you have direct experience in, if any (check all that apply)?  Experience working with theatrical lighting or special event lighting  Experience working with sound reinforcement in a theatre or special event organization  Experience working with counter weight theatrical rigging systems  None of the above 2\. Please describe your experience in the above checked areas. 3\. Describe a specific experience that you provided excellent customer service when under pressure. 4\. Do you have supervisory and/or event management lead experience in one or more of the following areas in Theatre or Special Events:  Experience working as a Master Carpenter  Experience working as a Master Electrician  Experience working as an Audio Engineer  Experience working as a Master Rigger  Experience working as a Facility or Event Manager  None of the above 5\. Please describe your experience in the above checked areas.