A Little Bit About Us... You will be a key part of the Product team that is responsible for conceptualizing, designing and optimizing the customer experience and business technology innovations that drive Williams-Sonoma Inc.'s industry-leading multi-channel retail business. You'll be working with amazing peers, cutting- edge technologies and deep resources to help push the boundaries of product innovation. To learn more about our team, our values and our culture please check out our team site. About the Job... @ WSI Tech we strive to create an empowered, lean, fast-paced delivery culture that is highly responsive to customer needs and tuned to driving optimal outcomes. We are looking for a Rockstar Data Scientist to help drive deep analyses and build models to drive personalization at scale. You'll be working closely with highly talented ML/Data Engineering and Analytics peers to build data-driven solutions that are going to drive major growth for the business and amazing customer experiences. You'll be solving real problems at a fast pace on a day-to-day basis - finding actionable insights that are buried in our terabytes of structured and unstructured data. Your primary focus will be in applying data mining techniques, doing statistical analysis, and building high-quality prediction systems integrated with our digital products. Responsibilities include: Selecting features, building and optimizing classifiers using machine learning techniques Data mining using state-of-the-art methods Working with peers to enhance data collection procedures to include information that is relevant for building analytic systems Working with ML Engineers to support the processing, cleansing, and verification of the integrity of data used for analysis Doing the ad-hoc analysis and presenting results in a clear manner Creating automated anomaly detection systems and constant tracking of its performance Building closed-loop ML algorithms to power scaled personalization within the digital experience We think you should be excited about this opportunity because you will... Work on initiatives of incredible opportunity and scale. Directly see how your ideas and efforts positively impact the experience of our customers and the growth of our business. Work in a truly data-driven environment. We practice what we preach. Work at the pace and excitement of a start-up with the resources of a $5 billion company. Be treated like an entrepreneur and expected to bring innovative ideas to the table and execute them to completion. Work with a world-class team with a history of success and reputation for excellence. Why you will love working at Williams-Sonoma, Inc. We're a successful, fast-growing company with an entrepreneurial vibe A technologically and data-driven business Competitive salaries and comprehensive health benefits We're at the forefront of tech and retail, redefining technology for the next generation We're passionate about our internal and external clients and live/breathe the client experience We get to be creative on a daily basis A smart, experienced leadership team that wants to do it right and is open to new ideas We get a killer discount on our amazing products We believe in autonomy and reward taking the initiative We have fun! SKILLS/KNOWLEDGE: Bachelor's Degree at a minimum 4+ years of experience as a Data Scientist An understanding of the Retail/E-Commerce industry and how to apply analytic techniques to solve problems An understanding of supply chain analytics inclusive of manufacturing, sourcing, promising and fulfillment Experience working with Product Managers and Engineers to apply analytics and experimentation to drive iterative experience design decisions Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, Collaborative Filtering. Experience with common data science toolkits, such as R, Weka, MatLab, etc. Experience using Python libraries such as NumPy, Pandas, and Scikit-Learn to build Machine Learning Models. Hands-on experience on at least one deep learning framework such as Keras, Theano, TensorFlow, and Caffe. Hands on experience with Recurrent and LSTM networks Knowledge of timeseries models such as ARIMA and ARIMAX. Great communication skills Experience with data visualization tools, such as D3.js, GGplot, etc. Proficiency in using query languages such as SQL and Hive. Experience with NoSQL databases, such as MongoDB, Cassandra, HBase, etc. Good applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc. Good scripting and programming skills Data-oriented personality Experience working with Spark & Scala to scale ML pipelines preferred.