Position is responsible for all aspects of Secondary Marketing analytics including QRM Risk Model, daily MTM and P&L; reporting, data integrity, P&L; forecasting, inventory reconciliations, department audits, model validation and forecasting. Oversight of hedging strategies and the hedge effectiveness of a mortgage pipeline. Preparation of reports designed to report on risk. Job Responsibilities: Prepares daily P&L; ensuring data is accurate and profit targets are being met. Communicate changes in expectations to senior management. Evaluates and plans strategies for improving operational and financial risk management. Conduct weekly forecast meeting involving Secondary Marketing, Sales, Treasury and Accounting to discuss production volume, margins, liquidity needs and capacities. Distribute finalized forecast throughout the company. Work to help reconcile daily and monthly Gain on Sale bridges identifying components of P&L; Attribution. Utilize data reporting tools for ad hoc reporting. Analysis includes back testing of model assumptions, scrubbing data to answer questions as they arise, discover causes of unexpected results and fact finding. Act as interdepartmental liaison. Produce journal entries to book secondary marketing gains. Understand and forecast for cash flow needs, expected margins, sales goals and office capacity. Gather data and explain results for Internal and External Audits. Answer questions and provide data as it relates to other departments. Report data as requested to Matlin Patterson staff. Work with OCC and auditors to ensure proper data integrity within QRM and MB Risk reporting. Manage change control process within QRM. Document model changes. Determine P&L; effects of model changes. Work with Treasury and Counterparties to resolve any Margin Call disputes. Assist in leading the effort to develop BI reporting tools that automate production of P&L; reporting into the data warehouse. Coaching, mentorship and leadership of analytical staff working on QRM Model, Mark to Market, P&L; attribution reporting, ad hoc reporting inquiries, Business Intelligence reporting, as well as trade management, delivery optimization, manage contractual constraints and fulfilment of Audit and Sarbanes Oxley controls. Ensure compliance with applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations. Complete all required compliance training. Maintain knowledge of and adhere to Flagstar's internal compliance policies and procedures. Take responsibility to keep up to date with changing regulations and policies. Job Requirements: Bachelor’s Degree required in Mathematics, Finance, Engineering or related field. Master’s Degree preferred. 7 years Secondary Marketing and management experience with a minimum of 5 years’ experience working directly with multiple levels of management and 5+ years of experience with QRM system Effective at managing workload to meet multiple deadlines under sometimes intense time pressure Must be detail oriented and able to ensure accuracy when working with data and reports Strong analytical and critical thinking skills Exceptional database and spreadsheet management skills Strong analytical and math skills Effective at managing heavy workloads and multitasking abilities Must be detail oriented and able to ensure accuracy when working with data and reports Must be able to recognize and work out underlying issues to generate correct analysis Working knowledge of secondary marketing concepts, practices and procedures Working knowledge of mortgage banking industry and loan marketing Internal Use Only: Band D