The Chabot-Las Positas Community College District is seeking an Instructional Assistant for Chabot College in Hayward, California. The Instructional Assistant works with a team of instructors, counselors, classified professionals and other instructional assistants to support students in career technical education (CTE) programs, academic pathways, and learning communities (e.g. First Year Experience). The position will staff and support the Collaborative Projects Space where students from these programs receive instructional support, study, collaborate on projects, meet with faculty and peers, obtain referrals to campus resources, and build community. The position reports to the Dean of Academic Pathways and Student Success. SUMMARY DESCRIPTION Under general supervision, provide moderately difficult instructional support assistance at the paraprofessional level to students and faculty to ensure effective and efficient teaching/learning in the area of assignment; provide tutorial assistance to students in a classroom or laboratory setting; and perform a variety of other duties as needed to provide technical and teaching assistance to support instructional program laboratory activities. Positions in classes within the Instructional Assistant Class Series may be assigned a variety of assignments from those duties listed within the REPRESENTATIVE DUTIES section or a combination of those and other related work functions. Even though the same general level of difficulty and responsibility is found within each position in each class in the series, positions in different classes within the series are not interchangeable and each class has its own particular qualification requirements even though they are derived from a general minimum qualifications section. Each class within the class series is a separate and distinct classification as defined in Section 88001 of the Education Code of the State of California. DISTINGUISHING CHARACTERISTICS Positions in the Instructional Assistant class are distinguished from the Senior Instructional Assistant by the level of responsibility assumed. In comparison to the Senior Instructional Assistant, positions at this level do not oversee the day-to-day functions of coordinating services within the center and do not provide lead supervision to other Instructional Assistants. Employees at this level are required to be fully trained in all procedures related to assigned area of responsibility and are fully aware of the operating procedures and policies of the work unit. This is a grant/categorically funded position. Continuation of this position is contingent upon available funding on a year to year basis. Representative Duties The following duties are typical for this classification. Incumbents may not perform all of the listed duties and/or may be required to perform additional or different duties from those set forth below to address business needs and changing business practices. 1\. Provide learning assistance to students individually or in groups in understanding and assimilating material presented by a certificated instructor in a variety of educational settings; explain cause of errors in oral and written work. 2\. Proctor and correct written and performance assignments, check points, and examinations; give oral quizzes; administer speech and hearing test; assist instructor in grading individual student projects. 3\. Respond to a variety of student questions and inquiries; direct them to appropriate college resources to address specific needs including tutorial center, transfer center, student health center, and special services. 4\. Maintain security of all designated equipment, supplies, and documents. 5\. Tutor students in the assigned discipline; maintain a variety of records concerning student course progress including test files, attendance, and enrollment cards. 6\. Provide telephone, email, and in-person support to students whose instructors utilize online learning systems; provide information regarding online classes or procedures for contacting instructors. 7\. Develop and revise materials as directed by certificated staff including answer keys, handouts, and various other instructional materials. 8\. Participate in regular conferences with instructional staff to exchange information on in-progress assignments and to receive assignments. 9\. Conduct class orientations and explain rules, guidelines, and procedures within assigned area. 10\. Assist students and faculty in use of automated learning equipment including computers, printers, scanners, copiers, pay stations, and card dispenser machines. 11\. Insure proper and safe use of all designated learning and laboratory equipment and perform routine operating checks and preventative maintenance on such equipment. 12\. Distribute and account for all designated learning supplies, equipment and materials in accordance with established procedures. 13\. Perform general clerical duties; answer phones and relay messages; type a variety of letters and documents; enter information into computer; maintain files and records; report all unsafe or irregular conditions to appropriate supervisory personnel. 14\. Assist with the assignment and supervision of student and non-student hourly assistants and maintain student assignment schedules. 15\. Perform related duties as required. Minimum Education and Experience Any combination of the following would provide a typical way to obtain the required knowledge and abilities. Education/Training: Equivalent to completion of the twelfth grade supplemented by two years of college level course work in the specified discipline. Experience: Two years of increasingly responsible experience working with materials and/or equipment in assigned instructional field. Minimum Qualifications The following generally describes the knowledge and ability required to enter the job and/or be learned within a short period of time in order to successfully perform the assigned duties. Knowledge of: 1\. Principles, practices, and application of subject matter to which assigned. 2\. Principles, methods and procedures of instructing and providing learning opportunities to students. 3\. Methods and techniques of tutoring. 4\. Materials and equipment used in the area to which assigned. 5\. Interpersonal skills using tact, patience and courtesy. 6\. Sensitivity to and understanding of the diverse academic, socio-economic, cultural, and ethnic backgrounds of community college students. 7\. Written and oral communication skills 8\. Office procedures, methods, and equipment including computers and applicable software applications such as word processing, spreadsheets, and databases. 9\. Principles and procedures of record keeping and filing. 10\. English usage, spelling, grammar, and punctuation. Ability to: 1\. Assess student needs and provide appropriate instructional assistance and support functions within assigned area. 2\. Interpret assignments, instructions, rules and policies to students with various learning styles. 3\. Monitor student progress, identify problem areas and recommend effective course of action. 4\. Relate positively to students in a teaching/learning environment and recognize the difficulties students may have in comprehending the subject matter. 5\. Listen actively and effectively, identify and solve problems, facilitate learning for students, and build student confidence in assigned subject matter. 6\. Learn the tutoring and operational techniques unique to the assigned center. 7\. Apply the specialty and use the equipment unique to the learning center. 8\. Prepare and maintain accurate records and files. 9\. Operate office equipment including computers and supporting word processing, spreadsheet, and database applications. 10\. Understand and follow oral and written instructions. 11\. Communicate clearly and concisely, both orally and in writing. 12\. Establish and maintain effective working relationships with those contacted in the course of work. 13\. Work with and exhibit sensitivity to and understanding of the varied racial, ethnic, cultural, sexual orientation, academic, socio-economic, and disabled populations of community college students. Desirable Qualifications 1\. College level course work in Business with emphasis in Leadership, Management, Communication, Marketing, or HR Management. 2\. Strong ability to communicate effectively with Administrators, Faculty, and Staff. 3\. Experience supporting students from a diverse student population, including those who require developmental academic support. 4\. Experience providing academic learning and program support for students across various CTE pathways and/or within learning communities (e.g. First Year Experience). 5\. Background in or familiarity with Career Technical Education (CTE). 6\. Ability to provide leadership for tutors and peer advisors. Job Work Schedule 40 hours/week, Monday – Friday, 8:00 a.m. – 5:00 p.m., hours may vary depending on department needs, occasional evening and weekends required as needed, 12 months/year. Physical Demands and Working Environment The conditions herein are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential job functions. Environment: Work is performed primarily in a classroom or laboratory setting with extensive student exposure. Physical: Primary functions require sufficient physical ability and mobility to work in a classroom or laboratory setting; to stand or sit for prolonged periods of time; to occasionally stoop, bend, kneel, crouch, reach, and twist; to lift, carry, push, and/or pull light to moderate amounts of weight; to operate office equipment requiring repetitive hand movement and fine coordination including use of a computer keyboard; and to verbally communicate to exchange information.