Who We Are Claritas Rx is a digital health venture focused on patient-level data integration and analytics. We leverage a proprietary cloud-based platform and deep manufacturer expertise to generate valuable insights from specialty channels and other market data. Our product platform and support services yield clear insights into commercial strategies and opportunities benefiting manufacturers, distribution partners and patients. Competitive earning potential and the opportunity to have a significant impact on a first-in- industry digital health solution makes Claritas Rx a terrific place to work. In addition to our great environment, we offer a competitive compensation package and comprehensive benefits. The Position As a Data Engineer, you will design and develop robust, scalable data pipelines, software modules for ingesting, analyzing, and serving complex health care data. The software will transform disparate data into actionable, meaningful insights for our customers. You will be a critical member of a product and engineering team that is building a unique health care software solution. Responsibilities Understand business processes, applications and how data is gathered Develop and manage data pipelines at enterprise scale Build data expertise and own data quality for various data flows Launch and support new data models that provide intuitive analytics to your customers Design and develop new framework and automation tools to enable folks to consume and understand data faster Use your expert coding skills in SQL and Python to develop software Collaborate with multiple teams in high visibility roles and own the solution end-to-end Who You Are Requirements 2+ years of SQL experience including complex joins, query performance, triggers, views 2+ years of Database Programming including relation database design, optimization strategies, using DBs like MySQL Experience with Linux BS degree in Computer Science or equivalent Strongly desired, 2+ years of Python experience Nice to have, Experience with AWS Strongly desired, experience with ETL tools like Talend Nice to have, experience working with visualization tools like Tableau Join Us We are seeking to add new expertise and perspective to our strong team of experienced professionals. We aspire to a culture of accelerated professional development through: shared learning and collaboration; a respectful and fun work environment; and employee empowerment through the effective use of technology and tools. In addition to our great environment, we offer a competitive salary and benefits package and the opportunity to make a significant impact on a first- in-industry digital health solution. Please send a cover letter along with your resume when applying to the position of interest. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer.