What does a Best Buy Experience Expert do? The Experience Expert ensures Best Buy delivers a world-class customer experience as THE destination and authority for technology products and services. You will provide velocity and solution support to solve customer needs to ensure that no customer is left unserved or underserved. As the Experience Expert you will: Engage customers using selling skills to build complete, connected solutions while maintaining a balance of high velocity and high service. Demonstrate excellence in execution of selling skills, and selling strategy as evidenced by coaching forms and Customer Metrics (NPS and Mystery Shops). Support sales strategies in partnership with the Sales Manager to achieve operating results, growth objectives, and overall financial performance goals. Engages customers using selling skills, to complete sales, drive profitable growth and achieve their individual goals with a focus on providing sales support in all related digital products. Uses innovative customer engagement and creative sales techniques to increase sales of related Digital Imaging products. What are the Professional Requirements of a Experience Expert? Basic Qualifications 1 year of experience in sales, customer service or related field Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Preferred Qualifications Prior experience serving as a specialist/enthusiast in premium, luxury or complex technology product/services 1 year sales experience 1 year experience working with consumer electronics products/services What are my rewards and benefits? Accelerate your career with an iconic brand! Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work at Best Buy. While you’re making technology work for our customers, we’re making sure Best Buy works for you. At Best Buy we offer top salaries for management, including short term incentive plans based upon business results, as well as endless opportunities to grow in a dynamic work environment part of an industry that never sleeps. From tuition reimbursement to deep employee discounts, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.