The responsibility of this position is to assist teachers and students in the integration of information and technology literacy with curriculum. Essential duties are to work with teachers in a computer lab, library, or classroom to support lesson plans and curriculum goals; provide assistance to teachers and students on equipment use; schedule the use of computer labs; facilitate student involvement with technical and/or instructional support; and maintain adequate supplies for the operation of a computer lab. Candidate will also participate in information and technology literacy-related training and programs; may maintain school website; and serve as a member of the building technology and library media center team. QUALIFICATIONS: High school diploma/GED or equivalent educational experience; training and/or experience in a technology-oriented customer service environment or library media center; two years of increasingly responsible experience in a school instructional setting; or any combination of experience and training which provides the knowledge, skills, and ability required to perform the work. Must have knowledge of district standard and curriculum-related computer software. Ability to assist students and staff with computer operations including the use of library media center materials. Knowledge of computer maintenance and software support to perform basic computer troubleshooting. Knowledge of automated library systems and union catalogues. Experience and/or knowledge in library record systems. Knowledge of media materials and media library filing systems and processes. Ability to keep timely, accurate, and efficient records, including preparation of reports from staff records. Ability to organize, set priorities, and work effectively under pressure. Effective oral communications skills for the purpose of communicating to and assisting a variety of patrons and staff; experience providing professional development desired. Ability to exercise sound judgment, including appropriate handling of confidential matters. Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with staff and students. APPLICATION : Please complete the RainShadow online application system. Once complete, log-in and go to Position Search on the toolbar. Find the position in which you are interested. Click on “View Position Details” located to the left of the position title. At the top of the next page is an “Apply for this Position” button. This will enter your name on the list of candidates for the chosen position. ALL POSITIONS CLOSE AT 4:30 P.M. ON THE CLOSING DATE.