Cognizant is hiring for "Release Management" in West Point - PA. Interested candidates who are willing to relocate within USA can apply. Relocation assistance will be provided. Note: “Cognizant will not sponsor H-1B or other U.S. work authorization, or lawful permanent residence (otherwise known as a “Green Card”) for this role.” Responsibilities: Overall relevant experience in Release Management/Change Management/Configuration Management/STI areas of 5-7 yrs Can do Release planning for upcoming releases with close co-ordination with different teams across the globe. Excellent communication and networking skills. 5-6 years’ experience in Change and Release Management in a technology environment 5-6 years of configuration management and engineering for small to medium scale projects/programs Deep understanding of version control systems including branching and merging strategies and understanding of environment and software configuration management Good to have knowledge of Oracle on Amazon RDS or any cloud technology. Strong understanding of Unix, Oracle and PL/SQL Effectively manage day-to-day tasks/activities in coordination with a team of developers to effectively meet the deliverables. Provide support to various business and technology teams as necessary during development and delivery. Migrations of programs, database changes, reference data changes through the SDLC.. Provide technical support to application development teams. Assists with impact analysis of any changes made to the database objects. Well versed with all database objects, including tables, clusters, indexes, views, sequences, packages and procedures Proven experience building relationships and effectively communicating, both verbally and in writing, with diverse audiences Strong problem solving, risk mitigation, conflict resolution and influencing skills Ability and willingness to work extended hours based on project requirements Prior experience of working across teams spreading across multiple locations is a plus. ITIL certification is a plus Should have environment management skills Should be conversant with Unix, Informatica, MDM, TIBCO, Database, Data warehousing technologies Consulting with Knowledge Management and other teams to develop release content including release notes, procedures, release plans, internal and external communications and implementation materials Should have excellent reporting skills to Middle/Senior Management Solid understanding of Service Level Agreements & related metrics Cognizant is an Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/D/V. Cognizant is committed to ensuring that all current and prospective associates are afforded equal opportunities and treatment and a work environment free of harassment Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service. Job Location : West Point, Pennsylvania, United States Employee Status : Full Time Employee Shift : Day Job Travel : No Job Posting : Aug 02 2018 Cognizant US Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran. If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions in the US, please send an email with your request to CareersNA2@cognizant.com About Cognizant Cognizant is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant, a member of the NASDAQ-100, is ranked 195 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us on Twitter: USJobsCognizant. Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.