The nation's leading local health department seeks an IT Security Analyst to join its award-winning, innovative technology team in revolutionizing public health IT. The New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene (DOHMH) uses the latest technologies and enterprise wide application solutions in its groundbreaking work to promote and protect New Yorkers' health and improve DOHMH's business operations. DUTIES WILL INCLUDE BUT NOT BE LIMITED TO: --Work on and lead the SIEM Architecture, design and implementation; Create custom alert schema, reports and custom dashboards. --Develop security visibility by reviewing existing applications; conducting comprehensive reviews of threats; evaluating and analyzing relevant data points. --Resolve client Remote Access requests with Tier 2/3 support. --Conduct security assessments through vulnerability testing and risk analysis. --Perform both internal and external security audits. --Analyze security breaches to identify the root cause. --Verify the security of third-party vendors and collaborating with them to meet security requirements. --Document results of security risk analyses and formally present to agency. --Coordinate with business owners, project managers, incident response handlers, digital forensic experts, network engineers, system engineers and Web application engineers to explore and report on specific security risk issues in depth. Minimum Qual Requirements A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college and four years of satisfactory full-time experience related to projects and policies required by the particular position; or,Education and/or experience which is equivalent to "1" above. Preferred Skills 2+ years of experience with managing, monitoring and maintaining SIEM technologies, use case creation, dashboards, tuning, and log source configuration2+ years of experience supporting an enterprise IT Remote AccessExperience supporting an enterprise IT Antivirus SystemExperience using Vulnerability Management ToolExperience in large enterprise security planning, design, configuration, installation, troubleshooting, integration, security performance monitoring, product maintenance, and security product configuration enhancementsExcellent written and verbal communication skills; excellent presentation skills and the ability to present material around information security awareness, and the ability to handle multiple tasks under tight deadlines Network/Host IPS support understandingPreferred Certificates for the position: CISSP - Certified Information System Security Professional, CISA - Certified Information Systems Auditor, CEH - Certified Ethical Hacker, CompTIA Security+ Additional Information IMPORTANT NOTE TO ALL CANDIDATES: Please note: If you are called for an interview you will be required to bring to your interview copies of original documentation, such as: ? A document that establishes identity for employment eligibility, such as: A Valid U.S. Passport, Permanent Resident Card/Green Card, or Driver?s license. ? Proof of Education according to the education requirements of the civil service title. ? Current Resume ? Proof of Address/NYC Residency dated within the last 60 days, such as: Recent Utility Bill (i.e. Telephone, Cable, Mobile Phone) Additional documentation may be required to evaluate your qualification as outlined in this posting?s ?Minimum Qualification Requirements? section. Examples of additional documentation may be, but not limited to: college transcript, experience verification or professional trade licenses.If after your interview you are the selected candidate you will be contacted to schedule an on-boarding appointment. By the time of this appointment you will be asked to produce the originals of the above documents along with your original Social Security card. LOAN FORGIVENESSThe federal government provides student loan forgiveness through its Public Service Loan Forgiveness Program (PSLF) to all qualifying public service employees. Working with the DOHMH qualifies you as a public service employee and you may be able to take advantage of this program while working full-time and meeting the program?s other requirements. Please visit the Public Service Loan Forgiveness Program site to view the eligibility requirements: https://studentaid.ed.gov/sa/repay-loans/forgiveness- cancellation/public-service To Apply Apply online with a cover letter to https://a127-jobs.nyc.gov/. In the Job ID search bar, enter: job ID number 343720.We appreciate the interest and thank all applicants who apply, but only those candidates under consideration will be contacted. The NYC Health Department is committed to recruiting and retaining a diverse and culturally responsive workforce. We strongly encourage people of color, people with disabilities, veterans, women, and lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender and gender non-conforming persons to apply.All applicants will be considered without regard to actual or perceived race, color, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, marital or parental status, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, age, prior record of arrest; or any other basis prohibited by law. Residency Requirement New York City Residency is not required for this position