Adobe believes in hiring the very best. We are known for our vibrant, dynamic and rewarding workplace where personal and professional fulfillment and company success go hand in hand. We take pride in creating exceptional work experiences, encouraging innovation and being involved with our employees, customers and communities. We invite you to discover what makes Adobe such a great place to work. Click this link to experience A Day in the Life at Adobe: http://www.adobe.com/aboutadobe/careeropp/fma/dayinthelife/ About Adobe’s Digital Experience Business Position Summary: Our Magento development team is looking for a Software Engineer to help us make future releases of Magento gain even more market share. If you are an expert software engineer and willing to push the boundaries of your knowledge and drive your career forward, we want to hear from YOU! Responsibilities: Participate in the design and development of one or more product features or sub-systems Produce code that is sufficiently supported by unit tests Develop and maintain technical documentation related to the project Actively participate in architecture discussions and proposes solutions to system and product changes cross teams Participate in peer Code reviews Participate fully in all scrum activities Experience: 4+ years’ experience with PHP and/or Java Web application fundamentals Deep understanding of Object Oriented principles Experience with frameworks such as Zend Framework, Prototype(JS), JQuery(JS) Knowledge with working on Relational Databases (MySQL) Knowledge of QA automation processes and tools such as Selenium and PHPUnit Experience with Version Control Systems (SVN, GIT) Experience in UNIX systems on a user level Familiarity with Agile/Scrum Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent At Adobe, you will be immersed in an exceptional work environment that is recognized throughout the world on Best Companies lists . You will also be surrounded by colleagues who are committed to helping each other grow through our unique Check-In approach where ongoing feedback flows freely. If you’re looking to make an impact, Adobe's the place for you. Discover what our employees are saying about their career experiences on the Adobe Life blog and explore the meaningful benefits we offer. Adobe is an equal opportunity employer. We welcome and encourage diversity in the workplace regardless of race, gender, religion, age , sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status.