Fetch Robotics, Inc. develops and manufactures collaborative Autonomous Mobile Robot (AMR) solutions for the warehousing and intralogistics markets. Headquartered in San Jose, California, Fetch Robotics provides the industry’s most extensive and versatile AMR solution and delivers the fastest time to automation for a range of applications, including material handling and data collection. Fetch is looking for a motivated, strategic, B2B sales representative interested in learning and working within a team to sell high value, high cost solutions based on proven, return on investment metrics. This position requires a willingness to work within a team and gain experience in solution- based selling to businesses in the warehouse, retail and manufacturing space. Responsibilities Report to Strategic Account Management and manage various buying influences. Ability to effectively communicate the value of Fetch Robotics’ technical product features and map to meet prospect needs. Build rapport with contacts by offering educational resources (webinar invitations, white papers, relevant blog articles, etc.). Continual updates of pipeline and funnel activity in Salesforce.com Partner with Application Engineers and other key Fetch resources to penetrate and support a “land and expand” sales strategy. Provide timely responses to inbound leads in order to qualify and schedule customer meetings Support and manage customer proof of concepts (pilots) and convert to production orders Become trusted expert in Fetch Robotics products and services Provide detailed product proposals based on identified customer needs Cost effective travel to meet with clients or prospects within respective territory Work with Fetch team to respond to customer/prospect RFPs/RFIs Provide detailed cost benefit analysis based on customer details Accurately forecast future business and customer pilots Qualifications Bachelor's Degree Interest in financial impact of technological solutions Return on Investment, Finance familiarity a plus Hardware and Software sales interest Start-up, Early Adopter Technology Interest Knowledge and Skills Exceptional written and oral communication skills. Proficient in SalesForce.com Familiar with webinar tools (Skype, GoToMeeting, Webex, etc) Passion and alignment with our mission, vision, values & operating principles. Desire to own decisions and take responsibility for outcomes. Willingness to continually embrace personal and professional development. Proven ability to work in a team-oriented environment Proven ability to consistently meet or exceed assigned goals Enthusiastic professional attitude in dealing with clients and excellent follow-up skills Superior and proven time management skills Travel is required for this position.