Overview SIG is a global quantitative trading firm founded with an entrepreneurial mindset and a rigorous analytical approach to decision making. We commit our own capital to trade financial products around the world. With experts in almost every discipline, we build some of the most powerful trading systems in the financial industry. By integrating sophisticated coding techniques with innovative engineering ideas, we design and optimize systems that can process massive amounts of data while still ensuring high performance and stability. Working with traders and quants, our systems engineers, network architects, technical analysts and software developers create industry-leading technical solutions. Our nearly 800 technologists are quick-thinking, open-minded, able to execute on ideas, and committed to innovation. We use an iterative and agile approach, testing and improving our ideas along the way. Our engineers and developers focus on the entire technology stack, always with an eye towards evolving a stable, scalable, optimized technology environment with minimized risk. SIG’s co-op students directly impact day-to-day projects in our technology teams. The SIG Co-op Program gives you an opportunity to apply what you learn in class to real world scenarios. We offer co-op classes at SIG designed to further familiarize you with our business, the markets, and the different entities that operate under the SIG umbrella. We are currently offering positions in the following areas: Software Development: Application Development, Application Testing, Database Development, Web Development Systems Administration and Engineering: Server/Platform Services, Storage and Backup, Database Administration, Citrix Administration, and Data Center Operations Network Operations Security Application and Global User Support: Trade Room Support, Help Desk, and Electronic Trade Support What we're looking for Computer Science, Information Technology, Engineering, Math, Physics or other technical major preferred Minimum GPA of 3.0 Strong communication skills; ability to interact effectively with all levels of the organization Must be a self starter, a quick learner, and resourceful in solving problems Ability to work as part of a team while having the confidence to act autonomously Attention to detail; ability to handle multiple tasks in a fast-paced environment Knowledge of technologies related to specific technical domain (including but not limited to: C++, C.Net, Java, scripting languages, Oracle, SQL server, Windows/Linux operating systems, TCP/IP routers, switches, networking and security technologies, firewalls) Experience in the financial services industry or completion of finance/investment related coursework a plus We don’t post salary ranges externally so any salary estimate you see listed on a third party website was not provided by SIG and may not be accurate. SIG is not accepting unsolicited resumes from search firms. All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at SIG via-email, the Internet or directly without a valid written search agreement will be deemed the sole property of SIG, and no fee will be paid in the event the candidate is hired by SIG.