About Us For more than a decade we’ve been adapting, innovating and collaborating to shape new learning possibilities for over 2 million kids and 75,000 teachers. Our mission is to inspire all students to think differently about math-and love it. We have a creative office environment and a laid-back company culture that acknowledges hard work while encouraging professional growth and innovation. Our award-winning online math software is a pioneer in the EdTech space, and we continue to be at the forefront of the industry. Our adaptive technology, curriculum, and game-like environment work together to provide a unique learning experience that’s like no other. About the Role As a Data Quality Engineer, you will work very closely with our development team working on analyzing, querying, and creating reports and visualizations for large data-sets. You will review and contribute to the overall test strategy and quality of Data Warehouse and BI strategy. In conjunction with dev, you will be designing and implementing tooling that will allow for efficient and comprehensive testing.. We are 100% in the Amazon AWS cloud. We work with modern technologies such as Docker, Terraform, Consul, and Nomad to build the next generation of our infrastructure. Responsibilities: Work closely with developers as peers to understand underlying architecture of the application and how we gather and process raw data at scale and come up with test strategy Understand test automation needs, task out work, and provide feedback on design solutions Create detailed strategic test plans, actionable bug reports and follow-up on proposed problem resolutions Automate newly integrated features and develop tool sets to augment QA and Development testing Communicate test statuses and needs accurately and effectively across teams Work closely with business stakeholders to help formulate their data needs and implementable terms. Set up and maintain test environments and test infrastructure on AWS in a Mac OS X/Linux environment Qualifications: Coding experience is required 3+ years of testing automation experience Experience testing ETL systems processing large amounts of structured and unstructured data Proficient in SQL. Proficient understanding of distributed computing principles We use AWS extensively, so experience with AWS technologies (RDS, RedShift, Kinesis, Dynamo) will help you hit the ground running.