ARGO is a leading provider of software and analytics solutions for both the financial services and healthcare industries. ARGO transforms business processes for financial service providers and healthcare organizations using proven business models and software innovation informed by real customer challenges, breakthrough technology, and rich analytics. As a member of the architectural team, the architect is responsible for seeing the big picture in enterprise application development, specifically in the area of Cloud architecture, development, deployment, and environment telemetry and support. Responsible for looking across products to understand and help define boundaries, interactions, and interfaces in the cloud space. The Cloud Solutions Architect is responsible for architecture, design, and development of cloud-native applications within ARGO’s strategic initiatives. The architect is also responsible for architecture and planning around migration of existing on-premises applications to the cloud environment. Educational Requirements : A Bachelor’s degree in Management Information Systems (MIS), Computer Science (CS), Software Engineering (SE) or related technical field is required for the position. Minimum Technical Qualifications : 3+ years of experience with Azure cloud architecture and migration of non-cloud applications. Strong understanding of cloud and infrastructure components (server, storage, network, data, applications, analytics). 4+ years of experience driving and deploying production cloud applications, with a specific focus on Azure. 4+ years supporting Mission critical applications within a hosted, SaaS delivery model 8+ years of experience with Microsoft Operating Systems. 5+ years of experience developing in .NET/C, Java. Strong understanding of cloud security and controls, including deterrent, preventative, detective, and corrective controls. Knowledge and use with C, C++, PowerShell, JavaScript, Java, Ruby, Python, node.js. Knowledge and use with SQL Database, Cassandra, DocumentDb, Mongo DB, RDS, CosmosDB, Hadoop, Machine Learning, Redis, Postgres, Experience in the design and development of cloud-native, secure, distributed applications that leverage microservice architecture, webservices, Rest APIs, API Gateways, relational and NoSQL stores and loosely coupled messaging. Experience within DevOps practices including automations and capabilities for CI, CD, metrics, monitoring, and infrastructure as code, configuration management, and the organizational adoption of systems thinking, feedback loops and collaboration. Experience in the design and automation of Infrastructure as a Service and Platform as a Service capabilities including virtual networks, virtual machines, cloud services, web sites, data services, IoT services, etc. Understand Containerization constructs like Docker and Kubernetes. Virtualization techniques with Hyper-V, VMware with an understanding of various Azure VM instance types & cost, and the experience in sizing of the Cloud VMs for hosting applications onto Cloud. Experience in identifying appropriate cloud storage mechanisms for various types of data (transactional data, archival data, confidential data etc.), and experience in defining the Cloud storage strategies for various types of data. Experience supporting both Microsoft and Open Source stack. Preferred Technical Skills : Previous experience in the healthcare or financial industry Knowledge of HIPAA, Sarbanes-Oxley Previous experience in the Java/Spring Stack Previous experience in the .NET Stack General Qualifications : Experienced in establishing architectural policies, standards, principles, guidelines, and best practices Extensive background in architecture and design of multi-tier, component based, and service oriented enterprise applications in a diverse environment Interpret advanced technical requirements, designs, and architectures to develop detailed program plans Knowledge of complete software development lifecycle Ability to organize, plan and carry out complex assignments Effective problem solving and negotiating skills Ability to demonstrate a high level of understanding of tools and technologies and be able to innovatively apply this understanding to work assignments Proficient in both written and verbal skills Ability to present to all levels of an organization Researches advanced new technology (software packages, design tools, test equipment and competitive designs) and introduces the technology into the company ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS: Applicants for U.S. or Canadian based positions with ARGO must be legally authorized to work in the United States or Canada. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship is not available for any ARGO positions. PHYSICAL DEMANDS: While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to stand; walk; sit; use hands to finger, handle, or feel; reach with hands and arms; talk or hear. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and ability to adjust focus.