The Developer will work closely with tech leads, project management and the creative team to execute pixel perfect front-end builds making key decisions on Javascript architecture, CSS strategy, HTML5/CSS3 degradation, web fonts, social networking integration, html best practices and responsive design. This position will focus on front-end development, and as such the candidate should have a solid working knowledge and ability to execute on modern web frameworks such as Bootstrap/Foundation & boilerplate. Along with that, having expertise in leveraging grunt/gulp build scripts are an absolute must. LAMP/.NET full-stack experience is highly desirable but not a must-have requirement. The candidate possesses good verbal and written communication skills and demonstrates a talent for teamwork and collaboration. A desire and excitement to explore new technology is a must. Description of Duties • Accurately predict development timelines, be able to stick to them and react quickly to change. Ability to "own" a project by helping to identify missing pieces and solutions. The Interactive Developer is the first line of defense for the integrity of the build - a friendly/open working relationship with team members and vendor partners is an absolute must. Understand the pace of advertising. Things move quickly, ideas are fluid and need to be guided home in a calm, professional and optimistic manor. Explain sensitive and complicated issues such as graceful degradation / cross-browser compatibility to other non-technical teams such as account and production. Ability to handle client communication via email, phone, or in person when necessary Minimum Requirements • Bachelor’s degree. Computer Science Degree Preferred, or comparable experience 3-5 years’ experience, preferably at an advertising agency Expert in OO JS, HTML, CSS3, mobile best practices, social media integration. Experienced in using LESS/SASS, leveraging gulp/grunt for builds. Expertise in working with GIT, both on an individual level and with teams. Experience integrating with a CMS (wordpress, drupal, sitecore)