Technology Consulting As the technology experts within JLL, Technology Consultants come up with a range of technology solutions, and advise our clients as to which ones will most improve their performance as a business. These technology solutions can range from IoT integrations, data analytics, business intelligence, to finding the right technology platform and providing a systematic roadmap for achievement. We’re looking for an experienced Technology Consultant, who can help clients adapt to the challenges and opportunities presented by the current technology trends. From designing and implementing IT strategy and operations that support corporate real estate strategies to expert guidance on big data, corporate real estate technologies (IWMS, Point Solutions), smart work place technologies such as utilization trending, and business intelligence. We are looking for someone who can advise clients through this complexity, help architect a plan, and inspire value-driven, strategic decision-making. _What this job involves:_ Serve as a real estate technology advisor, provide hands-on strategic advice, assessment, and support in alignment with technology goals and objectives. Perform strategic technology assessments customized to fit the institutions overall business objectives, size, and complexity. Recommend and assist clients with core and ancillary systems selections, contract reviews, and negotiations. Lead clients through decisions that enhance technology capabilities and address complex business initiatives and help address data and information challenges. Conduct technology/operations organizational assessments to ensure continued alignment with strategic initiatives, process improvement considerations, and future growth. Perform efficiency studies to improve technology utilization, streamline workflow processes, and reduce overall operating expenses. . Lead merger and acquisition integration activities for the blending of infrastructure, systems, people, product lines and processes. Serve as an advisor to provide strategic business advice, offer feedback and suggestions based on industry standards and best practices, and to assist in ongoing planning. _Sound like you? Before you apply it's worth knowing what we are looking for:_ A minimum of 10 years’ experience in consulting in the commercial/corporate real estate services industry, preferably with a broad range of knowledge in technology and operational functions. Or a minimum of eight years’ experience working in the commercial/corporate real estate industry, with hands-on knowledge in technology and operations in a minimum of two areas (i.e. operations, space management, lease administration). Or a combination of at least two years consulting experience for the commercial real estate industry, with at least five years’ experience working in the commercial real estate industry, with a broad range and hand-on experience in technology and operational functions that cover a minimum of two operational areas (lease administration, space management, etc.) Functional Knowledge: A deep operating knowledge in at least one of the following: CRE Technology/Operations, Systems Selection/Contract Negotiation, Operational Efficiency, Technology Assessments and Strategic Planning. A deep operating knowledge in technology of the following: IWMS systems (such as ARCHIBUS or TRIRIGA) AND two or more point solutions for: Lease Administration, Portfolio Management, Transaction Management, Operations & Maintenance, Space Management, Document Management, Business Analytics, or other CRE native technology. (ex: Lease Harbor, Maximo, FM Systems, Centerstone, iOffice, SerraView, Tableau) Proven track record of providing corporate real estate and facilities management IT platform advisory services, including strategy development, requirements development, vendor /solution evaluation, and implementation support. Demonstrated knowledge of Facilities, Real Estate and Asset Management industry best practices, across multiple disciplines. Current on trends relating to technology and real estate/facilities industries. Strong organizational skills including proficiency with standard office suite and presentation software and cloud technologies. Experience must be within the last 5 years Four-year college degree in corporate real estate, business management, or technology preferred, or compensate CRE experience Skills Creative and independent thinker Excellent written and oral presentation skills Ability to work without extensive supervision or direction Ability to balance multiple projects under tight deadlines Strong communicator who is comfortable working with senior/executive management Travel Must be able to travel 30-50%. Travel and volume of travel may be dependent on client load and vary in intensity by month. _What you can expect from us:_ You’ll join an entrepreneurial, inclusive culture. One where we succeed together – across the desk and around the globe. Where like-minded people work naturally together to achieve great things. Our Total Rewards program reflects our commitment to helping you achieve your ambitions in career, recognition, well-being, benefits and pay. We’ll offer you a competitive salary and benefits package. With us, you’ll develop your strengths and enjoy a career full of varied experiences. We can’t wait to see where your ambitions take you at JLL. Apply today! LI _JLL Is an Equal Opportunity Employer_ _JLL is committed to developing and maintaining a diverse workforce. JLL strongly believes in equal opportunity extended to all individuals in all aspects of the employment relationship, including recruitment, hiring, training, promotion, transfer, discipline, layoff, recall and termination without regard to race, color, religion, belief, creed, age, sex, pregnancy or maternity (including childbirth and related conditions), family responsibility (e.g. child care, elder care), nationality, ethnic or national origin or ancestry, citizenship, marital status, civil partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, veteran’s status, genetic information, trade union membership, social position, political view or status as a qualified individual with a disability, protected leave status or any other protected characteristic in accordance with applicable law. The company also endeavors to make reasonable accommodations for known physical or mental limitations of otherwise qualified employees and applicants with disabilities unless the accommodations would impose an undue hardship on the operation of our business and ensures that employment decisions are based only on valid job requirements._ _For employees in the United States, please see a fully copy of our Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action policy at_ _https://jll2.sharepoint.com/CorporatePolicies/HR%20Policies/Equal%20Employment%20Opportunity%20and%20Affirmative%20Action.pdf_ _._