The modern world runs on the Internet, and the Internet cannot exist without its underlying infrastructure. Meraki makes setting up, managing, and maintaining that infrastructure easier than it has ever been before. Meraki enables connectivity everywhere from neighborhood cafes to education institutions to global hospitality groups operating thousands of sites. As a Full Stack Engineer at Meraki, you will help design and build features for Meraki's Dashboard - the window to the entire Meraki experience. From Dashboard, our customers can control their entire Meraki stack: access points, switches, firewalls, client devices, cameras, and more. You will work across the stack with other developers, UX designers, and product management to build and improve the Dashboard web application. Meraki engineers put the customer experience first, own projects from beginning to end, and are empowered to make impactful decisions. Meraki believes that the quality of our product is dependent on the quality of our engineers. We place a high value on nurturing the growth and development of everyone on our team. We foster an open and supportive workplace where everybody is given the opportunity to succeed. \----------------------------------------------- Example projects of a Full Stack Web Developer: \----------------------------------------------- Create services to fetch data from millions of Meraki devices, then present that data in a user-friendly way Improve performance and efficiency of our backend, allowing us to handle increasingly large datasets with minimal delay Build internal frameworks and refine front end infrastructure to augment developer productivity Construct API endpoints to allow Meraki users and third party companies to build custom tools and features \------------------------------------------------------------- You are an outstanding applicant if: \------------------------------------------------------------- You have a technical degree or equivalent experience with a strong foundation in the fundamentals of computer science You strive to build rich and dynamic web applications with front-end frameworks such as React, Redux, Ember, or Angular You are familiar with programming languages and web frameworks like Ruby (Rails, EventMachine), Python (Django, Flask), or Node.js (Express) You have worked with SQL and relational Databases You would flourish within a small engineering team and are excited to tackle open-ended problems Cisco is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, genetic information, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis. Cisco will consider for employment, on a case by case basis, qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.