Principal Solution Specialist – Data and Artificial Intelligence We are looking for the best Data & AI leader in the industry to join our team in Seattle! Your Role We are looking for the best Data & Artificial Intelligence leader in the industry. Is that you? You will need exceptional experience in leading Artificial Intelligence, Data Science, Big Data and IOT solutions based on the Microsoft stack. You will be able to set go-to-market, IP and presales strategies and conceive and govern the delivery of the most complex solutions for our largest clients in the US. You will also be highly connected into our New Zealand and Australia businesses helping lead the Data & AI capability in our 1000 strong organisation. This is an opportunity to lead the fastest growing area of the Intergen business with a unique mix of strategy, delivery and people leadership. Your job will be based in Seattle, United States of America , a buzzing city with a great bar & restaurant scene, a range of music & cultural events, home to a couple of small technology companies, and the lakes and mountains of the Puget Sound at your doorstep. About You To fit in with us, you will need to be innovative, passionate, motivated and highly client focused. You will be incredibly ambitious and you will be at ease presenting to a broad executive audience and enjoy sharing your knowledge with your peers. Your Experience You will have at least ten years relevant industry experience in the Microsoft Data related space with significant exposure to both traditional Business Intelligence as well as leading edge capabilities in Artificial Intelligence, Data Science, Big Data and IOT. You may already be an MVP or have run your own data-related business. Intergen Benefits Aside from offering a great job in the best city with the best team, we offer Health and medical care, dental and vision care, short & long term disability insurance, 401k administration, free access to onsite gym, entertainment and dining discount program, and loads of learning and development opportunities! Intergen represents an exceptionally talented group of people that deliver innovative solutions to top national and international clients. We are utterly passionate about Microsoft Technologies and certain that Intergen is an incredibly rewarding environment to work in. To Apply You must be a US Citizen or Permanent Resident. We really want to hear from you, even if it’s just to ask some questions about the job or to have a chat in confidence. Email Rachael, our Recruitment Specialist at Rachael.Chetty@intergen.co.nz If you are ready to apply, that is great! we’d love to hear from you today! We will get back to you in writing within 14 days.