Overview In this role, you will contribute to SFHP data-driven decision approach by leveraging your reporting and analysis skills on complex projects related to Finance and Utilization Management, as well as documenting the Business Intelligence (BI) processes and logic. You will report directly to the Director of Business Intelligence and work closely and collaboratively with the Business Intelligence Senior Business Analysts. WHAT YOU WILL DO Provide reporting in support of critical SFHP projects and initiatives. Document all report processes and logic applied in reporting. Develop management summaries to accompany reports which present data findings in a professional, concise and audience-appropriate format. Perform consistent quality assurance reviews along with developing and executing reporting plans. Independently execute routine queries and reports. WHAT YOU WILL BRING A Bachelor’s degree or equivalent combination of education and experience. Masters in Public Health or an MBA are preferred. Minimum two years of experience with health care organizations. Demonstrated knowledge of claims based healthcare data. Experience in analysis, interpretation and reporting using medical or administrative data sets. Strong technical skills and experience with SQL. Must have working knowledge of health care guidelines and standards. Excellent communication skills with the ability to formulate and communicate data process, findings and recommendations. Prior experience in Government Health Programs e.g. Medicare/Medicaid preferred. Business Intelligence tool and Pharmacy reporting experience preferred. Ability to work in a cross functional/matrixed environment. Ability to work effectively, independently, and as part of a team. Experience and expertise with MS Office suite (Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint). ABOUT US Established in 1997, San Francisco Health Plan (SFHP) is a an award winning, managed care health plan whose mission is to provide affordable health care coverage to the underserved low and moderate-income residents in San Francisco county. SFHP is chosen by eight out of every ten San Francisco Medi-Cal managed care enrollees and its 145,000+ members have access to a full spectrum of medical services including preventive care, specialty care, hospitalization, prescription drugs, and family planning services. SFHP was designed by and for the residents it serves, and takes great pride in its ability to accommodate a diverse population that includes young adults, seniors, and people with disabilities. _San Francisco Health Plan is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE) M/F/D/V_ _Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records._