Architect – Network & Communication Network Infrastructure plays an ever increasing role in our clients' businesses today. Whether it be a myriad of connected devices or business critical applications in the data center, network infrastructure is crucial to support their operations. As the network space continues to rapidly evolve and become more software-centric it also needs to reduce the threat surface and adopt a zero-trust model. Our Network and Communication specialists help our clients achieve the most out of their existing infrastructure, and guide them through multi-year transformations that are necessary in the wake of technology disruptions such as cloud and IoT. Work you’ll do Our practitioners work collaboratively within integrated, cross-functional teams to deliver comprehensive network transformation projects. Teamwork is crucial as teams are composed of a diverse group of specialists across multiple disciplines from both within our consulting practice and from our clients, helping drive towards a successful outcome. Our practitioners are expected to own and deliver their respective deliverables while managing different clients and other stakeholders. The Team Cloud Engineering Our Cloud Engineering team focuses on enabling our client’s end-to-end journey from On-Premise to Cloud, with opportunities in the areas of: Cloud Strategy, Op Model Transformation, Cloud Development, Cloud Integration & APIs, Cloud Migration, Cloud Infrastructure & Engineering, and Cloud Managed Services. We help our clients see the transformational capabilities of Cloud as an opportunity for business enablement and competitive advantage. Cloud Engineering supports our clients as they improve agility and resilience, and identifies opportunities to reduce IT operations spend through automation by enabling Cloud. We accelerate our clients towards a technology-driven future, leveraging vendor solutions and Deloitte-developed software products, tools, and accelerators. Qualifications Required Experience with enterprise networking technologies, tools & processes, including routing & switching, L4-7 traffic management (e.g. load balancing), firewalls, datacenter fabric, campus networks, as well as networking protocols such as TCP/IP, MPLS, OSPF, BGP, etc. Expertise with installation, configuration, troubleshooting, and supporting of Networking equipment – hands on keyboard experience Experience in documenting and explaining network topologies Expertise with 802.1q VLANs and working within industry best practices Expertise with network segmentation and knowledge of network segmentation leading practices Knowledge and expertise with Wireless APs and Controllers (802.11AC) Ability to engineer, build, and test networks for optimum throughput and reliability Knowledge of application transport and network infrastructure protocols (DNS, DHCP, IPAM,SSL/TLS, WINS, NTP, FTP, HTTP, HTTPS, SMTP, LDAP, and Microsoft AD) Understanding and implementation of network traffic analysis for troubleshooting Prior experience in working with technical teams and/or transformation programs related to networking technologies Familiarity with the latest technology trends in the network domain including SDN, NFV and open networking Exposure to or experience with programming/scripting languages or tools used to automate networks (e.g. Python) 10+ years of relevant consulting or industry experience Strong Client Relationship Skills Experience in assisting Senior leadership team to design technology, process landscape and develop overall solution strategy Ability to create critical collaterals for client workshops and customer interactive sessions Excellent articulation, communication and strong inter personal skills Experience in participating in transformation initiatives for mid to large scale organizations Proven ability towards assisting business process improvement initiatives Ability to work with a multi-location team Willingness to travel 80 – 100% of the time (Monday – Thursday/Friday) Preferred Network certifications e.g. CCIE, CCNP, CCNA, HP Master ASE, HPE ASE, ATP, HPE Product Certified, ONF-Certified SDN Professional Program (OCSP) or equivalent Experience in assessment and implementation of policy-driven change and configuration management to support Network Virtualization, Network Function Virtualization (NFV) and Software Define Networking (SDN) adoption Knowledge of industry best practices for designing, implementing, and maintaining network security and service availability throughout the system life cycle Knowledge and experience with Python, Ansible, Puppet, Chef, Perl or other languages How you’ll grow At Deloitte, our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day. From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there’s always room to learn. We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs at Deloitte University, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career. Explore Deloitte University, The Leadership Center. Benefits At Deloitte, we know that great people make a great organization. We value our people and offer employees a broad range of benefits. Learn more about what working at Deloitte can mean for you. Deloitte’s culture Our positive and supportive culture encourages our people to do their best work every day. We celebrate individuals by recognizing their uniqueness and offering them the flexibility to make daily choices that can help them to be healthy, centered, confident, and aware. We offer well-being programs and are continuously looking for new ways to maintain a culture where our people excel and lead healthy, happy lives. Learn more about Life at Deloitte. Corporate citizenship Deloitte is led by a purpose: to make an impact that matters. This purpose defines who we are and extends to relationships with our clients, our people and our communities. We believe that business has the power to inspire and transform. We focus on education, giving, skill-based volunteerism, and leadership to help drive positive social impact in our communities. Learn more about Deloitte’s impact on the world. Recruiter tips We want job seekers exploring opportunities at Deloitte to feel prepared and confident. To help you with your interview, we suggest that you do your research: know some background about the organization and the business area you’re applying to. Check out recruiting tips from Deloitte professionals. As used in this posting, “Deloitte” means Deloitte Consulting LLP, a subsidiary of Deloitte LLP. Please see www.deloitte.com/us/about for a detailed description of the legal structure of Deloitte LLP and its subsidiaries. Certain services may not be available to attest clients under the rules and regulations of public accounting. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or protected veteran status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law. Deloitte will consider for employment all qualified applicants, including those with criminal histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local laws. See notices of various ban-the-box laws where available. https://www2.deloitte.com/us/en/pages/careers/articles/ban-the-box- notices.html