Join Our Team: Do Meaningful Work and Improve People’s Lives Our purpose, to improve customers’ lives by making healthcare work better, is far from ordinary. And so are our employees. Working at Premera means you have the opportunity to drive real change by transforming healthcare. To better serve our customers, we’re creating a culture that promotes employee growth, collaborative innovation, and inspired leadership. We are committed to creating an environment where employees can do their best work and where best- in-class talent comes, stays, and thrives! The Senior Network Engineer provides expert network engineering approaches for IT Infrastructure. The evaluation, design and documentation of solutions are at the core of the network engineer's service catalog. Network Engineers lead, plan, design, and implement LAN / WAN solutions in alignment with security technology and business needs. We are at the beginning of our automation journey and you’ll have the opportunity to help drive the framework. You’ll also be responsible for identifying and tasking junior engineers on life cycle management programs to reduce unplanned outages and retire obsolete hardware. What you’ll do Maintains an understanding of RFC 1918, IEEE, TCP/IP, LAN / WAN, ISOC engineering and technology standards. Provides advanced network engineering and design in support of enterprise network devices and services. Designs, architects and provides support of Routers, Switches, Security Solutions, VPNs, L4-7 Load Network automation and scripting Balancers, and Network Management Solutions across LAN/WAN. Acts as a technical contributor with advanced knowledge and experience in one or more areas; Networking with WAN technologies (Remote Access, Wireless, Routing Protocols, QOS), Networking with LAN technologies (VLANs, Spanning Tree, VoIP technologies). As well as a high-level understanding of routing protocols such as EIGRP, OSPF, and BGP, Open source Tools, Cacti, CVS, MRTG, Rancid and others. Provides Tier III leadership support as an escalation for lower tier support systems groups. Provides guidance or direction to lower level engineers and engage external vendor support as required. What you’ll bring Nine (9) years of network engineering experience. Current professional to expert level network certification such as Cisco's CCDP, CCNP, CCDE, CCIE, or demonstrated level of equivalent knowledge. Experience with Rancid or configuration management. Knowledge of UNIX operating systems and open source tool. Bachelor’s degree in Information Systems, Business Administration, or related field or four (4) years’ work experience. In-depth routing protocols experience - BGP, OSPF, HSRP, VRRP and Experience with reporting protocols and tools - NetFlow, sFlow, ntop, Splunk, etc. Scripting experience preferred; python, PowerShell, JSAN. What we offer Premera is proud to offer a comprehensive benefits package including: Medical, vision and dental coverage Life and disability insurance Retirement programs (401K employer match and pension plan) Wellness incentives, onsite services, a discount program and more Tuition assistance for undergraduate and graduate degrees Generous Paid Time Off to reenergize Free parking EOE - Equal Opportunity Employer. Minorities, women, veterans and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply. LI-MF1 GD