For Current Gilead Employees and Contractors: Please log onto your Internal Career Site to apply for this job. Job Description We are seeking a highly motivated individual to join us as a Director, Technical Operations Strategy. This position will be responsible for driving Kite’s Technical Operations business strategy and technical innovation pipeline in collaboration with cross-functional business partners. Key interfaces for this role include Commercial, Supply Chain, Manufacturing, Finance, Business Development, Quality, and Product Sciences. Responsibilities (include but are not limited to): Gathers key stakeholder input and develops the strategic planning process for the Technical Operations organization and coordinates within the Kite and Gilead strategic plans. Drives Technical Operations leadership in setting, tracking, and managing organizational goals and objectives. Identifies cross-functional critical business intelligence needs and develops information channels and effective dashboard and reporting tools to establish a robust view of the competitive landscape, industry trends, and innovative processes and technology. Drives the Technical Operations organization to discover, filter, test, and deploy innovative process and technologies based on robust, thoughtful business and technical analysis Leads strategic analyses with cross-functional teams to explore alternative operating strategies and models based on industry trends, diligence, and emerging best practices. Leads Technical Operations participation in discovering, vetting, negotiating, and integrating potential M &A targets. Responsible for preparing and delivering presentations, reports and associated analysis for all levels of the organization, including senior Kite and Gilead management. Combines business acumen and strong strategic thinking to provide Operations Team Leaders and Program Managers with insightful business support. QUALIFICATIONS: BS degree required, ideally with a focus in finance or science MBA and/or PhD in a relevant discipline preferred 15+ years of related professional experience 5+ years of line management or cross-functional team leadership Demonstrated success in developing and executing supply chain and commercial strategy Strong knowledge of advances in life sciences operational processes and technology Scientific/technical training and /or experience is an advantage. Proven ability to quickly and effectively identify, investigate, and prioritize innovative processes and technology Strong financial system / modeling acumen and experience Should possess working knowledge of drug development and manufacturing processes in a health authority regulated environment. Previous operational, consulting, and/or business management experience is an advantage. Ability to work with all levels of management and build relationships across disciplines. Strong analytical ability with a high degree of accuracy and attention to detail. Exceptional skills in assessing, summarizing and presenting business or operational priorities and decision-points for effective, timely and efficient management/executive decision-making. Superior problem-solving skills with proven abilities to anticipate issues and recommend effective and efficient solutions. Demonstrated ability to perform in an environment that emphasizes teamwork to meet deliverables. Inspires trust and respect. Able to work independently with minimal supervision. LI-EL1