The Google Technical Services Partners team empowers Google’s consumer products ecosystem to make Google’s products work. We provide end-to-end technical and operations support for partners for most of Google properties. This includes influencing product strategy, developing scalable product tools, helping onboard new partners, providing technical implementation services to some of the most strategic partners and ongoing partner management. The Digitization Services team's mission is to: “Unlock the world’s offline information through digitization at any scale.” We provide partner management, subject matter expertise and management of various digitization operations in support of multiple Google product areas. We support innovative products like Google's visionary Book Search project and other scanning initiatives for Google Arts and Culture, YouTube and Google Brain. Our team works with a multitude of internal and external partners to create assets that users can interact with on various Google properties. Specifically, we plan, set up and manage industrial-scale facilities dedicated to digitizing various items. We also develop and manage processes for moving those items between our scan centers and partners. As a Digitization Operations Technical Specialist, you will build and maintain custom software and hardware solutions used for digitization of various materials, automate and develop tools used by the operations team and provide in-depth analysis and insight into technical issues and opportunities. This job entails working with various operations and engineering teams to maintain technical infrastructure, design new tools, automate data analysis, optimize processes and use the latest of Google's internal technologies to build needed business intelligence. You should possess a mix of technical strength and drive to challenge the status quo. You will work closely with other support and software engineers and operations teams. Google Technical Services is a global support and operations team, with a mission to delight our customers with care so good, it’s got to be Google. Our team is the face of Google to most of our customers, and we want their Google support experience to set new standards, just like Google’s products do. Our team cares for customers by solving problems and scaling solutions, incubating new Google products, and sharing user feedback with internal teams to influence product development. We support a wide variety of products, from Ads to Project Fi and just about everything in between, and our customers include advertisers, consumers, partners, publishers, retailers, and our own Sales Googlers. Responsibilities Design, implement, test and launch internal tools and technical infrastructure. Maintain existing software and hardware infrastructure in on-site and off-site scan center environments. Provide security, monitoring and patch management for scanning infrastructure including third-party equipment. Analyze work processes to determine inefficiencies and opportunities for automation. Collaborate with a global team of support engineers, software developers and operations staff to support a wide range of projects. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree in a technical field or equivalent practical experience. Linux/Windows systems administration experience. Experience with one of the general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Bash, JavaScript, PowerShell and Python. Preferred qualifications: Linux/Windows administration experience in lab environments. A history of delivering technical solutions to business problems in a semi-autonomous work environment. Strong communication and collaboration skills exhibited in complex operational setting. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.