At Northrop Grumman, our work with cutting-edge technology is driven by something human : the lives our technologies protects. It's the value of innovation that makes a difference today and tomorrow. Here you'll have the opportunity to connect with coworkers in an environment that's uniquely caring, diverse, and respectful; where employees share experience, insights, perspectives and creative solutions through integrated product & cross- functional teams, and employee resource groups. Providing technical support in an industrial environment, Northrop Grumman's Puget Sound location offers the opportunity to serve national security and impact the lives of Americans all over the globe from the landscape of the beautiful Pacific Northwest. Don't just build a career, build a life at Northrop Grumman. We are seeking a Strategic Weapons System Technical Requirements Engineer to support Trident II Missile Launching and Handling Systems at Naval Submarine Base Kitsap in Silverdale, WA. The ideal candidate is a self-starter with excellent communication skills who exhibits flexibility and the ability to work well with other team members. Duties include the following: Support field operations technical quality program to ensure compliance with contractual and corporate requirements Support field operations training program to maintain compliance with contractual and corporate requirements Create contractor furnished data reports Maintain technical documentation and completed field site processing records Maintain site quality program procedures Conduct and support audits/evaluations to verify compliance with both external and internal requirements Conduct root cause analyses and track completion of corrective action activities Provide support for budget and contract development activities Oversee and provide guidance in the execution of field site's nonconforming material review process Monitor the configuration and property management of Government Furnished Material This position is located in Puget Sound, WA. Basic Qualifications: Bachelors in a STEM discipline (Science, Technology, Engineering or Math) and 2+ years of relevant work experience; or a Masters degree in a STEM discipline and 0+ years of work experience Ability to travel up to 25% Exposure to quality programs Must be a US citizen with the ability to obtain a secret clearance Preferred Qualifications: ISO 9001 technical quality program experience Northrop Grumman is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. For our complete EEO/AA and Pay Transparency statement, please visit www.northropgrumman.com/EEO. U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions.