Job Description The PMT Project Manager leads the implementation of system-wide data and technology integration projects as directed by the Deputy Commissioner for Performance Management & Technology and the Director of Data and Technology (IT Director). The Project Manager analyzes and documents business needs and processes, develops work plans to address problem/opportunity, plans and remediates troubled projects, ensures new projects have detailed plans and are launched correctly and on time, and leads the implementation of performance management/data/technology projects. The Project Manager leads and supervises teams responsible for delivering key DHS-PMT data, performance management, and technology integration initiatives. Primarily, the Project Manager for Data Quality and Integrity will: a) lead and implement new tools and procedures to improve the accuracy and quality of child welfare, juvenile justice, and prevention data; b) design and conduct data integration processes and rigorous data analyses to test data quality and produce reports for DHS leadership and internal and external stakeholders; and c) lead projects focused on the integration, cleansing and production of reliable reports from the DHS case management system to inform all DHS operations. DHS. Essential Functions: Effectively lead and supervise project teams, providing both one-on-one and team guidance and coaching to enable team to achieve project outcomes. Establish and lead a collaborative environment for project teams where knowledge is shared across disciplines on a regular basis to advance projects. Develop, clarify and manage the scope of the project, define deliverables and achieve targeted outcomes on time. Ensure project requirements are achieved in a timely fashion and within budget guidelines. Assemble and engage project teams and build collaborative relationships among project team members. Identify needed resources, assign responsibilities and develop timeframes to facilitate successful completion of project activities and deliverables. Ensure compatibility and consistency with existing architectural and enterprise standards. Conduct, as needed, cost/benefit analysis of actions and initiatives. Convene and chair project meetings with internal stakeholders and contracted service providers. Conduct data analyses, prepare status reports, status summaries and dashboards for presentation to child welfare practitioners and mid and senior child welfare leaders. Communicate (verbally and in writing) effectively with stakeholders and senior business leadership about projects. Plan, organize and direct the work activities of both City staff and consultants and/or systems analysis and programming personnel assigned on a team. Prepare and lead presentations to project stakeholders, including child welfare practitioners and mid-level and senior leaders. Establish and maintain collaborative and effective working relationships with supervisees, peers, supervisor, and departmental leaders. Plan, organize and guide the work activities of outside consultants and/or systems analysis and programming personnel assigned on a team. Lead additional data and technology projects and tasks as assigned by Data and Technology Director or Deputy Commissioner for Performance Management and Technology. Qualifications Completion of a Bachelor’s degree program at an accredited college or university with course work in Social Work/Social Policy, other Social Science, Information Technology, and/or other relevant fields. Minimum of 3-5 years working with large data sets and systems. Experience supervising teams preferred. Master’s Degree or other advance degree preferred. Project management experience and/or applicable business experience. OR Any equivalent combination of education and experience determined to be acceptable by the DHS Division of Performance Management and Technology. Competencies, Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Demonstrate effective project/team management competencies, such as establishing collaborative team structure and mechanisms, the ability to run a project or serve as project manager, and the ability to ensure a successful project lifecycle. Communicate (verbally and in writing) effectively with stakeholders participating in this project. Demonstrate presentation skills, strategic thinking, and high professional ethics. Establish and maintain effective working relationships with supervisor, leadership, associates, outside consultants and vendors. Demonstrate knowledge and/or experience with large data sets and data systems. Demonstrate knowledge and practice of project management principles Additional Information The successful candidate must be a city of Philadelphia resident within six months of hire The City of Philadelphia is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not permit discrimination based on race, ethnicity, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, national origin, ancestry, age, disability, marital status, source of income, familial status, genetic information or domestic or sexual violence victim status. If you believe you were discriminated against, call the Philadelphia Commission on Human Relations at 215-686-4670 For more information, go to: Human Relations Website: http://www.phila.gov/humanrelations/Pages/default.aspx