Position Information Job Title Systems Administrator II Department Campus Services Full Time/Part Time Full-Time Requisition Number S19026 Open Date 07/13/2018 Close Date Salary Information $69,900 – $94,400 Work Schedule Monday through Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Benefits Eligible Yes Eligible for Overtime No Position Summary The Systems Administrator II will be responsible for providing technical support for the establishment and continued efficient operation of the Windows systems supported by Advanced Client Services. This position is responsible for designing and maintaining the virtual infrastructure hardware, operating systems and VM’s on servers which support VDI deployments. S/he will work with other Information System staff to integrate systems into the practices and procedures used to support Rice’s computing systems. This position installs, configures and maintains hardware and software services on a variety of Windows OS platforms. This position will monitor, analyze, and debug system issues. Education Required Bachelor's Degree Concentration / Degree Type Engineering or computer science or related discipline. Substitution for Education Requirement May substitute additional related experience, beyond what is required, on an equivalent year-for-year basis in lieu of the degree. Education Preferred Experience Required 5 years Type of Experience Related experience in systems administrator role, with three years focused on virtualization. Substitution for Experience Requirement Education may not be substituted for the experience requirement. Experience Preferred Five years of experience in a Systems Administrator role. Experience in design and operation of Virtualization infrastructure. Experience with Windows Active Directory. Experience with current Windows Enterprise operating systems. Experience with VMware vSphere and VMware Horizon. Experience with remotely monitoring and troubleshooting issues. License/Certification Required License/Certification Preferred VMware Certified Professional (VCP), Microsoft Certified Solutions Expert (MCSE) Certification. Skills Required Problem solver; Self-starter; Excellent customer services skills. Strong interpersonal and communications skills. Ability to apply a developed subject matter knowledge to solve common and complex issues within established guidelines and by recommending appropriate variances. Able to deliver technical presentations in oral and written English; Ability to find, diagnose and recommend solutions for sophisticated computing/configuration problems; Capable of evaluating software packages for needs of Windows OS and install 3rd party hardware/software on a wide platform of machines; Ability to diagnose problems and repair hardware at the board-swap level. Skills Preferred Project Management skills strongly desired. Internal / External Contacts Daily contact with students, faculty, administrative staff and collaborators. Frequent contact by telephone and in person with vendors to facilitate installation of new products and maintenance of existing systems. Frequent contact with persons employed by Rice University. Some contact with persons not employed by Rice University. Physical Demands Must be able to move computer equipment. Working Conditions Will be required to carry a cell phone/pager and be reachable during off hours as determined by management. May be called at night or on weekends to resolve system problems and/or major systems transitions. Maybe designated as an essential employee to be called upon during emergencies. Non-smoking environment. Security Sensitive Yes