Join us as we pursue our disruptive new vision to make machine data accessible, usable and valuable to everyone. We are a company filled with people who are passionate about our product and seek to deliver the best experience for our customers. At Splunk, we’re committed to our work, customers, having fun and most importantly to each other’s success. Learn more about Splunk careers and how you can become a part of our journey! Role: Splunk is rapidly growing its Product Data and Analytics capabilities and is seeking a data manager to spearhead governance and compliance efforts around data usage. In this unique role, you will be responsible for the entire lifecycle of data generated by our products from inception to implementation and acceptable use for data driven decisions. You will also own audits and policies for safeguarding our data. You will ask the right questions about the data – what data is collected, where does it live, how and by whom it will be utilized, and whether it meets contractual and regulatory obligations. You purposefully address data quality and security issues and look for opportunities to align corporate policies with infrastructure and implementation realities. You will partner with legal to translate data policies into tactical process and mechanisms. This is a full-time position based in either our San Francisco or Santana Row office. Responsibilities: You will develop efficient processes for enabling collection of and access to product related data. You will strive for alignment and consistency in access to and acceptable use of product data. You will collaborate with legal on defining and documenting product data policies. You will shepherd engineers to collect necessary data for analytics. You will ensure data collection meets corporate policy, contractual obligations, and compliance framework during the release process. You will facilitate audits of and access to the products org’s data. You will build and maintain a data access framework for product datasets. You will provide ad hoc reporting and analysis upon request. Requirements: Superb interpersonal and communication skills Strong tactical and process oriented experience Ability to map legal and technical requirements to operational steps Proficiency with Excel or equivalent reporting tools Experience with data analysis and dashboarding is a plus MBA or Bachelors degree in Operations Management or Operations Engineering. 2 + years experience in project management We value diversity at our company. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or any other applicable legally protected characteristics in the location in which the candidate is applying. For job positions in San Francisco, CA, and other locations where required, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.