Professional Services | Seattle, Washington Build IT solutions that deliver secure, seamless experiences for people – internally and externally -- using our products 24/7 around the world. Position Summary The DocuSign Professional Services team manages customer implementation and integration projects. The goals of the Product Consultant (PC) are to provide product recommendations/configurations, provide technical and business use expertise for our Web and pre-connected Applications, understanding of data and network security, ensure proactive communication to clients and internal staff, and manage enhancement requirements, escalations and capability to understand simple to complex business requirements and design a solution to meets those needs. The PC drives projects to completion by anticipating the needs of the clients and ensuring the alignment of the internal and external teams focused on the implementation. The PC will play a critical role in success of the Professional Services team. We are expanding a world class Professional Services organization that already has a proven track record of working with Fortune 500 IT departments, system integrators, independent software manufacturers and open source communities. This position is an Individual Contributor and reports to the Product Consulting Manager. Responsibilities Provide business consulting and product expertise to customers enabling comprehensive solution to be delivered to the market Facilitate product discussions and white boarding for project implementation and technical solutions from one to many applications, including CRM solutions Identify use cases, roles and other business requirements for each project Develop solutions for clients’ implementations, product extensions and enhancements Produce and manage client-facing documentation Conduct implementation pilots and help customer envision final solution Train new clients on the essentials of DocuSign systems to get them started on implementations Ensure timely and accurate billing in coordination with Finance Department Produce technical proposals Develop risk mitigation plans Basic Qualifications Bachelors’ degree in Business Administration, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or equivalent 3+ years of experience delivering commercial projects via service organizations 2+ years working directly with business/customers to understand business needs and applying technology solutions to those requirements 1+ years of recent demonstrated advisory and consulting expertise, specifically in SaaS technologies 1+ years of experience leading implementation / solution architecture development / business analyst teams in Software or Software-as-a-Service industries Preferred Qualifications Strong verbal and written communication skills Proven track record of delivering projects/products to market Ideal candidates would have a background in software implementation and Software-as-a-Service systems Experience working with bug tracking systems (SVN, SourceSafe etc.) Experience using a CRM solution such as SalesForce.com Ability to identify and resolve ambiguity Ability to adjust personal style to different situations Professional Services @DocuSign We are in the business of trust and reliability. We create, maintain and operate scalable IT solutions that deliver an exceptional experience for our customers – both internal and external -- who trust and rely on us. We are creating an infrastructure that scales and supports DocuSign’s ambitious vision. That requires a smart, highly collaborative team who can identify and investigate new technologies to continue to deliver and scale globally and securely. About DocuSign DocuSign® is changing how business gets done by empowering hundreds of thousands of companies and tens of millions of users in most countries around the world to sign, send and manage documents anytime, anywhere, on any device with confidence. DocuSign replaces printing, faxing, scanning and overnighting documents with the easiest, fastest, most trusted way to make every approval and decision digital. Organizations of all sizes and industries are accelerating contracts, approvals and workflows with DocuSign's Digital Transaction Management (DTM) platform and eSignature solution. DocuSign keeps life and business moving forward. DocuSign is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Individuals seeking employment at DocuSign are considered without regards to race, ethnicity, color, age, sex, religion, national origin, ancestry, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, physical or mental disability, registered domestic partner status, caregiver status, marital status, veteran or military status, citizenship status, or any other legally protected category. LI-DS1