As Business Intelligence Architect for IT, you have an amazing opportunity to take a lead role as the sole Data Analytics expert with technical authority for a leading technology company. You will be working on a team implementing and supporting our enterprise BI capabilities. You will use your engineering and knowledge of the latest technologies to provide data and BI architecture, vision, design and deliver a comprehensive BI solutions strategy. You will gather and analyze data to solve complex problems and evaluate scenarios to predict future outcomes in support of ‘informed decision-making’ to our business leaders and functions. You will make significant contribution to the overall success of our BI enterprise architecture. If reading all this has made you scream to yourself, "YES, this IS my dream job.", send us your resume so that we explore further. Responsibilities: Collaborate with analytics teams across the organization to implement data and Business Intelligence strategies. Responsible for the data roadmap to identify and define data domains needed for the data warehouse to achieve business goals. Define, design, and develop ‘business’ data architecture across multiple business transactional systems and data warehouse modeling. Ensure designs and solutions are kept current, approved, fit for their purpose, and are perpetually evangelized across the organization. Implement data governance practices across business systems data. Provide technical and strategic leadership in all data & BI achitecture core subjects and related matters. Champion common data definitions, data protection and security. Be well versed in normalization and de-normalization techniques for data analysis and optimum performance in relational and dimensional database environments. Contribute to and employ the best methodologies and strategies to optimize performance of analysis and stability of data integration. Requirements: Bachelor's degree: Computer Science, Information Technology or another computer-based discipline. Master's preferred. 10+ years hands-on experience in developing BI solutions including data integration, modeling, and analytics including +10 years of SQL experience and a record of success designing, deploying and evolving ETL solutions to meet business requirements by creating SQL and best practices for multiple platforms. Enthusiasm about taking initiative and providing leadership, mentoring and career development coaching to fellow BI team members. Passion to learn the latest BI technologies to support solutions for scale such as cloud warehouse technologies (AWS Redshift), BI platforms like Tableau, Web Analytics tools (Google Analytics, Heap) and exposure to transactional systems like Salesforce, Marketo and Workday. Deep knowledge of Data Warehousing principles and dimensional models; sourcing data from OLTP, SaaS, and OLAP application. Troubleshooting and problem-solving skills and ability to communicate effectively with non-technical parties as well. Slack is the collaboration hub of choice for companies of all sizes, all across the world. By using Slack, they ensure that the right people are always in the loop, that key information is always at their fingertips, and new team members can get up to speed easily. With Slack, teams are better connected. Launched in February 2014, Slack is the fastest growing business application ever and is used by thousands of teams and millions of users every day. We currently have nine offices worldwide, in San Francisco, Vancouver, Dublin, Melbourne, New York, London, Tokyo, Toronto and Denver. Ensuring a diverse and inclusive workplace where we learn from each other is core to Slack's values. We welcome people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives. We are an equal opportunity employer and a pleasant and supportive place to work. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. Come do the best work of your life here at Slack.