We are now looking for a UI Developer Nvidia has continuously reinvented itself over two decades. Our invention of the GPU in 1999 sparked the growth of the PC gaming market, redefined modern computer graphics, and revolutionized parallel computing. More recently, GPU deep learning ignited modern AI — the next era of computing. NVIDIA is a “learning machine” that constantly evolves by adapting to new opportunities that are hard to solve, that only we can tackle, and that matter to the world. This is our life’s work , to amplify human imagination and intelligence. Make the choice to join us today. Are you ready to help build a better future by using Cloud Computing to solve some of the world's greatest challenges? Nvidia is looking for a UI Developer who see the big picture and where Cloud Computing headed. This essential role will give you a rare opportunity to craft and deliver a new class of GPU services for Cloud Computing in the up-and-coming fields of Deep Learning and AI. You will lead us into a new era of computing while working with the team to learn how we can solve challenges in the Cloud. What you'll be doing: You will build, design and implement complex SaaS-based GUIs Work closely with partners, UX and UI designers on new products or features/improvements of existing products Ensure that modules and/or product(s) across your teams are consistent in look and feel Help drive performance tuning, usability improvements and test automation for UI Support, maintain and document software functionality What we need to see: BA in CS or equivalent practical experience and 5+ years of hands-on experience building complex web-based user interfaces (in JavaScript/CSS and HTML) Should have a strong background in software-as-a service (SaaS) Strong experience with Material UI, Babel, Fetch React, Redux, Less and Webpack Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery experience Excellent social and written communication skills NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law.