New York Film Academy, Los Angeles, California The New York Film Academy was founded in 1992 on the belief that a top-quality education in filmmaking should be accessible to anyone with the drive and ambition to make films. The school opened at Robert De Niro’s Tribeca Film Center in New York City, and has expanded worldwide to include campuses in New York; Los Angeles; Miami; Sydney, and Gold Coast, Australia. The mission of the New York Film Academy is to educate students interested in the field of visual storytelling. NYFA courses have been designed to increase students’ creativity and technical expertise through an intense regimen of hands-on and classroom instruction. The Academy’s goal is to enrich its students as visual storytellers by helping them realize their personal artistic visions. NYFA’s expectations center on the growth of each student as a creative individual. In pursuit of its institutional mission and goals, the New York Film Academy adheres to the following core values. These core values inform the New York Film Academy’s decision-making processes, institutional policies, and commitment of institutional resources: _Student Success:_ As a student-centered institution, the New York Film Academy recognizes that the success of its students is inseparable from and synonymous with the success of the college itself. The New York Film Academy strives for its students’ success as learners, professionals, and global citizens. _Integrity:_ The New York Film Academy expects its students, faculty, staff and administration to act with integrity, honesty, and the highest ethical standards. _Excellence:_ In every area, at every level, and among all stakeholders, the New York Film Academy strives for excellence. The institution sees as its main function to create an intellectual, physical, and social environment that promotes and supports excellence among its stakeholders and the community at large. _Global Reach:_ In an increasingly interconnected global society, the New York Film Academy is committed to graduating global citizens with the communication, collaboration, and critical skills necessary to address issues facing our modern world. To this end, the New York Film Academy seeks to offer programming to the widest possible array of global populations, with a physical presence in as many locations as possible while continuing to deliver visual storytelling education of the highest quality. Consistent with the mission and educational objectives of NYFA, the focus of the Academy's programs is to develop each student's artistic and creative potential in the art and craft of visual storytelling. Students may pursue these academic and professional objectives in certificate-bearing, undergraduate, and graduate programs in Filmmaking, Acting for Film, Documentary Filmmaking, Producing, Cinematography, Screenwriting, Photography, Game Design, and 3-D Animation OPPERATIONS ASSISTANT Maintain a clean and safe working environment for students and staff, including certain janitorial duties. Perform maintenance, supply inventory, deliveries, and facilitate runs. Provide support for all departments. THIS POSITION IS A GRAVEYARD POSITION, WITH SCHEDULE TBD REPRESENTATIVE RESPONSIBILITIES: _The following responsibilities are general duties that a particular employee in this position may or may not be required to perform. The day-to-day duties required of this position may vary._ Maintain classroom, office, and common areas Perform minor maintenance, including mounting/ installation of television monitors, building furniture, etc. Janitorial duties including vacuuming and other basic cleaning of facilities Maintain inventory of office, classroom, and cleaning supplies, school merchandise, promotional materials, and storage Assist with dispersement of school merchandise and promotional materials Deliveries / Runs Event and special needs set up and clean up Vehicle fleet maintenance and upkeep Assist with shipping and receiving Occasional painting Assist front desk and provide support for all departments, as needed KNOWLEDGE AND COMPETENCIES : Basic Macintosh / PC proficiency Basic maintence skills Ability to drive Ability to lift 50+ lbs Qualifications High School Diploma or equivalent Valid drivers license Must be available for late night, early morning graveyard shifts