The role is for an experienced business intelligence developer in a core CRM & Data Warehouse platform team servicing the CIB banking business. This is a terrific opportunity for a high energy individual seeking to contribute and make significant impact within a high performing technology group. The role involves implementing BI reporting solutions to business requirement specifications. The ideal candidate will be proficient with the Cognos 10/11 toolset, having a solid understanding of relational and dimensional reporting models, and is able to work and communicate effectively in a team environment. Main Responsibilities Develop simple and complex reports including list, crosstabs and charts with drill-thru capabilities Build dashboards using traditional and active reporting techniques Update and enhance existing framework manager & OLAP models Enhance existing reports based on new requirements Performance tuning of reports, models and infrastructure Assist in gathering requirements and author supporting documentation Interact with business sponsors to plan scope and timescales for projects Key Skills Proven ability to work well in a fast paced and challenging technical environment Ability to quickly understand issues and think through solutions Highly motivated with an ability to work independently Able to communicate effectively with other team members Able to "think on their feet" First Class communication and presentation skills Ability to articulate complex technical issues concisely Excellent documentation & MS Office skills – Word, Excel, PowerPoint Experience with documentation / issues tracking tools such as Jira Must be able to challenge technical solutions in order to improve them Well rounded and detail focused technologist with innovative problem solving skills Experience Required MUST have a proven track record in a technology team as a Cognos Developer Minimum 3 years experience in a Cognos development role Proficient with reporting toolsets such as Report Studio, Query Studio, Analysis Studio, Event Studio and Business Insights Advanced Understand metadata modelling techniques (Framework and OLAP) Proficient in SQL and relational databases such as Oracle Understand datawarehouse design theory Experience with Cognos best practices & methodologies Advantageous TM1 Understand Cognos server architecture and environment administration Knowledge in Cognos SDK using Java or .Net QlikSense, QlikView experience Our Corporate & Investment Bank relies on innovators like you to build and maintain the technology that helps us safely service the world’s important corporations, governments and institutions. You’ll develop solutions for a bank entrusted with holding $18 trillion of assets and $393 billion in deposits. CIB provides strategic advice, raises capital, manages risk, and extends liquidity in markets spanning over 100 countries around the world. When you work at JPMorgan Chase & Co., you’re not just working at a global financial institution. You’re an integral part of one of the world’s biggest tech companies. In 14 technology hubs worldwide, our team of 40,000+ technologists design, build and deploy everything from enterprise technology initiatives to big data and mobile solutions, as well as innovations in electronic payments, cybersecurity, machine learning, and cloud development. Our $9.5B+ annual investment in technology enables us to hire people to create innovative solutions that will not only transform the financial services industry, but also change the world. At JPMorgan Chase & Co. we value the unique skills of every employee, and we’re building a technology organization that thrives on diversity. We encourage professional growth and career development, and offer competitive benefits and compensation. If you’re looking to build your career as part of a global technology team tackling big challenges that impact the lives of people and companies all around the world, we want to meet you. _@2017 JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPMorgan Chase is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer Disability/Veteran_