Patient Care Representative Department: Clinic Administration Manager Title: Office Manager DOL Status: Non-Exempt Job Summary: Responsible for greeting and registering all incoming patients in clinic setting and via telephone. Schedules patients, collects co-pays and monies charged for services rendered and handles all patient inquiries. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Greets patients, staff, vendors, and visitors. Registers all patients, in clinic setting, and via telephone. Obtains and records specific vital statistics and financial information in PCC's computerized system. Ensures all superbills include patient's name, date of birth, social security number, Public Aide numbers as well as policy and group numbers for commercial insurance and copies insurance card (front and back) & photo i.d. Verifies patient demographic information and insurance billing method at each visit. Identifies patients out-of-network and uninsured, referring appropriate patients to the financial counselor. Places medical record in appropriate provider bin after registration has been completed. Pre-registers the center's appointments to keep on top of the day's schedule. Answers the telephone directing calls to appropriate areas or takes messages and relays them to the appropriate staff member as necessary. Maintains provider appointment scheduling system including any cancellations and rescheduling that should occur, as directed by team leader, office manager or clinic administrator. Processes all releases for medical information ensuring appropriate consents are completed, adhering to PCC's HIPAA and privacy guidelines. Maintains transaction receipts for all monies generated by clinic and provider. Requests charts stored off-site as needed. Processes all HMO and off-site referral information as indicated by carrier. Distributes and collects surveys as directed. Prepares and mails no show letters and test results as directed. Maintains a neat and orderly work area. Performs other duties as assigned. Marginal Functions: Maintain professional growth which includes attendance at in-services as assigned. Experience/Training: High school diploma or equivalent Previous experience in computerized registration/billing, preferably in a medical setting. Must be dependable, have good interpersonal skills and well organized. Ability to multi-task and prioritize assigned responsibilities. Good interpersonal skills necessary to effectively interact with patients, families, physicians and other health care providers. Certifications/Licenses: None Physical Demands: Ability to stand, bend and stretch. Ability to travel and maneuver between site locations if needed. Ability to lift 10 pounds. Ability to type for long periods of time. Language Skills: Ability to read and write proficiently using the English language. Ability to interact and speak effectively in interpersonal situations.