General Mills is reshaping the future of food. We believe food makes us better. It nourishes our bodies, brings us joy and connects us to each other. As one of the world’s leading food companies, General Mills operates in more than 100 countries and markets more than 100 consumer brands, including Cheerios, Nature Valley, Betty Crocker, Yoplait, Annie’s Homegrown, Old El Paso, Epic Provisions, Blue Buffalo and more. Are you passionate about the future of food? You’ve come to the right table. We want the very best talent to help lead something big. POSITION OVERVIEW The Customer Service Facilities (CSF) Manager is responsible for warehousing and related activities associated with operations of multiple (currently 8) Customer Service Facilities within the Temperature Control, Convenience & Foodservice and Flour networks. You’ll lead and nurture the third party logistics (3PL) warehousing relationship, operational expectations and performance results with multiple providers. RESPONSIBILITIES Develop and maintain an effective, on-going relationship with Sales, Integrated Customers Solutions, and customers to ensure service goals are met. Sets performance expectations and metrics with assigned CSF’s and facilities through Partnership Value Roadmaps (PVR). Conducts regular performance feedback reviews with facilities and 3PL’s to ensure all service, cost and human and food safety expectations are met. Leads contract negotiations and collaborates in the development of 3PL contracts with Global Sourcing. Supports development of annual warehousing budgets in conjunction with Supply Chain Finance, Replenishment Leads and the Network Performance Team. Responsible for adherence to annual budgets and collaborates on the analysis and reporting of variances. Collaborate with Operating Units, the Network Performance Manager and Replenishment Leads in the identification and execution of Holistic Margin Management (HMM) initiatives. Influence the Business on HMM strategy, goal alignment/gaps, consult on large projects and represent Warehousing in Logistics Loss Analysis and HMM activities. Foster a continuous improvement (CI) environment within assigned CSF facilities and in collaboration with associated 3PL’s. Responsible for identification and implementation of HMM initiatives through the use of CI. Assure compliance of accounting policies and standards to ensure adequate financial controls over inventories, disbursements, shipments, receipts, and property records to facilitate compliance with accounting controls at assigned facilities in collaboration with the Network Performance Team. Develop and maintain an effective, on-going relationship with Sales, Integrated Customers Solutions, and customers to ensure service goals are met. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor’s degree in Business, Business Administration, Logistics, Supply Chain Management, or Transportation 5+ years of related experience Working knowledge of Logistics Operations and systems (SAP and Bex) Demonstrated strong analytical/problem-solving skills and ability to translate data to actionable information Understanding of Continuous Improvement tenets with demonstrated results Ability to influence external and internal partners in decisions that enable business results Interpersonal effectiveness, strong organizational and communication skills, and the ability to achieve results in a cross-functional team environment Willingness to challenge the status quo and innovate Ability to understand broad picture and implications to supply chain operations CB1