Emser Tile, LLC, the nationwide supplier of high-quality floor covering products servicing world-leading retailers, builders and contractors seeks an experienced DC WAREHOUSE ASSOCIATE 2- HOUSTON,TX. Job Summary Emser Tile and Natural Stone, a nationwide supplier of high-quality floor covering products servicing world-leading retailers, builders and contractors seeks an experienced Warehouse Associate for our Central Distribution Center in Houston, TX This position supports our Distribution Center in the receipt and shipment of flooring products to our customers. Key Responsibilities Inspecting, identifying, handling, consolidating labeling, stocking, picking, packing and shipping inventory per the company’s standard operating procedures. Comply with all company policies, procedures and instructions given by all managers, supervisors and leads. Perform all job duties and procedures in a safe manner. Deal promptly with inventory discrepancies. Ensure efficient and professional handling of will-call customers. Required Experience: Qualifications 1 year plus of distribution/wholesale experience. 1 year plus of forklift experience. Must be forklift certified. Must have some knowledge of basic inventory control practices. Ability to accurately count/track product that is being received or shipped. Ability to work in a high volume/production working environment. Ability to follow all company policies, procedures and instructions. Ability to work the required schedule and demonstrate punctuality. Ability to work overtime as needed. Work diligently and in a safe manner. Excellent Customer service skills. Must be team oriented. Must have basic computer skills. Work Environment Exposure to moving mechanical parts; loud noise levels. Occasional exposure to fumes or airborne particles. Exposure to all weather conditions, including hot, cold, wet/dry weather and wide range of temperatures (Indoors and Outdoors). Moving over and/or around obstacles on the ground and working in the vicinity of operating forklifts. Physical Requirements Standing/walking for long periods. Bend, stoop and kneel Reach with hands and arms; grabbing and grasping. Lift, carry, push, pull and/or move up to 65 pounds. Ability to judge distances. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential functions. Other Duties Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice. About Emser: The Emser Tradition of Excellence Comes From its People... Since its establishment in 1968, Emser Tile has become the leading supplier of the world's finest tile and natural stone. Through our international production network and product development expertise, we offer myriad of possibilities that help retailers, contractors, homebuilders, commercial builders, architects & designers bring their ideas to life. Although Emser has grown rapidly, our on-going dedication to outstanding quality and service remains the hallmark of our success. Emser is always seeking knowledgeable, career-minded professionals to become a part of our team and help drive our growth and expansion into new and existing markets. When it comes to challenging and rewarding career opportunities, Emser is the place to be! As an Emser employee, you will enjoy healthcare coverage including medical, prescription drug, vision and dental care. Your financial well-being will be supported through our 401(k) plan. Moreover, we offer a challenging & rewarding professional work environment. Emser's employee benefits package also includes: Paid Vacation Time Paid Holidays Life Insurance AD&D Insurance Voluntary Long Term Disability Career Development: Emser provides ongoing opportunities for professional training, and encourages internal advancement and mobility.