Who we are Fueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) is committed to democratizing financial services and empowering people and businesses to join and thrive in the global economy. Our open digital payments platform gives PayPal’s 237 million active account holders the confidence to connect and transact in new and powerful ways, whether they are online, on a mobile device, in an app, or in person. Through a combination of technological innovation and strategic partnerships, PayPal creates better ways to manage and move money, and offers choice and flexibility when sending payments, paying or getting paid. Available in more than 200 markets around the world, the PayPal platform, including Braintree, Venmo and Xoom, enables consumers and merchants to receive money in more than 100 currencies, withdraw funds in 56 currencies and hold balances in their PayPal accounts in 25 currencies. When applying for a job you are required to create an account, if you have already created account - click Sign In. Creating an account will allow you to follow the progress of your applications. Note: Provide full legal first Name/Family Name DO: Capitalize first letter of First and Last Name. Example: John Smith DON'T: Capitalize entire First and/or Last Name. Example: JOHN SMITH NOTE: Use correct grammar for Names with multiple cases. Example: McDonald or O'Connell Provide full address details Resume is required Multiple attachments can be uploaded including Resume and Cover Letter for each application Job Description Summary: PayPal p2p web team is looking for a talented full-stack software engineer with strong JavaScript programming experience to design and build PayPal solutions for the Next Gen p2p experience. We're looking for talented JavaScript application developers with a passion for User Experience and a desire to question all assumptions to make our products better across the board. As a member of our product development team you will play an important role in developing product solutions and delivering features to support new business initiatives. If you are the kind of engineer who is passionate about bringing great experiences to life, being a craftsman in engineering and love working in a collaborative environment with your product & experience partners, then we want to talk to you. This position will be at the forefront of delivering these new experiences to millions of PayPal users. You will be involved from concept to rollout and have a major say in what all of PayPal users see. Job Description: Responsibilities include: Design and write high quality, high performance web based applications Participate in development life cycle activities like release planning, coding, testing and production release. Work closely with product managers for feature requirements and deliver highest quality features. Participate in fixing production issues. Required Skills BS/MS degree, preferably in a Computer Science or related field. Proven working experience in software development A deep familiarity with JavaScript and server side JavaScript framework such as NodeJS Experience with remote data via RESTful APIs and JSON Solid understanding of the full web development life cycle Passion for designing and engineering rich user interfaces. Disciplined approach to testing and quality assurance. Hands-on knowledge of version control systems such as GIT Ability to think logically, diagnose/triage. Driven to execute and follow through. Desired Skills Experience with client side JavaScript framework such as React and Angular Knowledge of HTML, CSS, JQuery Subsidiary: PayPal Travel Percent: 0 Primary Location: San Jose, California, United States of America Additional Locations: We're a purpose-driven company whose beliefs are the foundation for how we conduct business every day. We hold ourselves to our One Team Behaviors which demand that we hold the highest ethical standards, to empower an open and diverse workplace, and strive to treat everyone who is touched by our business with dignity and respect. Our employees challenge the status quo, ask questions, and find solutions. We want to break down barriers to financial empowerment. Join us as we change the way the world defines financial freedom. Paypal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.