The Real Estate Services (RES) Line of Service of the Department of Citywide Administrative Services (DCAS) is the real estate arm of the City of New York responsible for services such as leasing and acquisitions, architectural design and project management, real estate planning and dispositions, zoning and land use analyses, enforcement of space standards in office design and overseeing the equitable allocation of over 22 million square feet of privately owned space and 15 million square feet of City-owned space for agency use.Under a new space management initiative to better assess and utilize the City?s real estate portfolio, the Portfolio Planning and Management (PPM) team will play a crucial role in redefining the parameters of RES projects to make the use of space more efficient. The Real Estate Services division seeks to hire two architects to work for the Portfolio Planning and Management team. The architects will serve as liaisons to assigned City agencies and will each endeavor to understand each agency?s operational needs as they relate to real estate to ensure that their space needs are most efficiently met. He/she will also work with team members to survey the entire portfolio of City-owned and leased properties, create and update architectural floor plans and furniture layouts in AutoCAD of all spaces, and develop a database of space inventory including maintaining accurate floor plans. The team is responsible for conducting regular space utilization surveys to evaluate head count and space utilization to ensure the lowest possible number of physical workspace vacancies and analyze results to identify spaces with potential to accommodate additional staff through re-design, consolidation, space reallocation or relinquishment, as appropriate, for recommendation to the leasing and design teams. Team members will work closely with the Facilities Management, Leasing, and Design and Project Management teams on space management and utilization initiatives and review opportunities to optimize and create new spaces.Responsibilities? Evaluate agencies? new space need requests.? Draft outline scopes of work and space sketches/studies to propose projects directed to realizing office space maximization for City- owned office space & privately owned leased space ? Update/Create AutoCAD architectural floor plans and furniture layouts, as required, for the DCAS portfolio of City-owned buildings and privately leased spaces to document existing conditions.? Conduct walk-throughs and assess space utilization in City-owned and leased space. ? Prepare drawings to maintain most current floor plans in Archibus database.? Analyze the efficiency and utilization of existing space allocations and occupancy metrics.? Analyze the spatial organization and efficient utilization of office space by agencies and/or the functional arrangement of interior units and other operational program areas to optimize the use of space across the real estate portfolio.? Using information gathered from walkthroughs and other sources, conduct in depth qualitative and quantitative analyses of the City?s office space inventory and develop/track metrics and key performance indicators.? Coordinate with the design team the planning for the build out of new spaces.? Interface with Leasing and Design and Project Management space planners to review opportunities to optimize and create new spaces.? Perform regular updates on all database information that directly tracks the efficiency of space utilization.? Provide the administration, departments, and their design consultants with updated floor plans and space planning-related data, as required.? Establish and implement methods, systems, and procedures to systematically collect, update, and measure data integrity related to the use of space and space allocation.? Coordinate AutoCAD drawings? integrity and accuracy in illustrating existing conditions to update in Archibus in collaboration with other team members.? Incorporate into database drawings any new changes, as well as any other verified changes communicated by users, building administrators, portfolio managers and portfolio planners.? Present findings and explain discrepancies with Portfolio Planning and Design and Project Management teams to resolve all discrepancies to improve accuracy of database and drawings. Minimum Qual Requirements 1\. A valid New York State Registration as an Architect. Current New York State Registration as an Architect must be maintained for the duration of your employment. Special Note: 2. In addition to above qualification requirements, to be eligible for placement in Assignment Levels II and III, individuals must have at least one year within the last three years of experience as a major contributor or a project leader on a complex project requiring additional and specific expertise in the disciplines needed to design or construct the project. Preferred Skills A Registered Architect is preferred with at least 2 years of relevant professional experience in facilities planning and or master planning. Preferred skills include project coordination, experience with corporate commercial buildouts, space planning, interior design or related field.? Proficient in AutoCAD; Knowledge of Revit.? Able to explain complex information in a straight forward manner.? Possesses a working knowledge of office design principles and trends such as the mobile or collaborative workplace.? Familiarity with Archibus, or similar database. ? Demonstrated team and collaborative skills.? Detail oriented and strong organizational skills.? Willingness to take ownership of requests; prioritize and meet deadlines. To Apply Please go to www.nyc.gov/jobs or www.nyc.gov/ess for current NYC employees and search for Job ID 354347No phone calls, faxes or personal inquiries permitted. Only those candidates under consideration will be contacted. Hours/Shift To be determined Work Location 1 Centre Street, New York, New York Residency Requirement New York City Residency is not required for this position