Rapid7 was founded in 2000 to give customers visibility into vulnerabilities in their IT environments with a comprehensive vulnerability management solution, something that didn’t exist at the time. Now Rapid7 continues to provide cutting edge solutions for our customers’ security and IT challenges with a variety of products and our Insight platform: a cloud-based analytics platform that powers our products for vulnerability management, incident detection & response, offensive security, application security, and DevOps + IT operations. Given the growth of Rapid7 and the Insight platform, it’s more important than ever to ensure we’re building an organization and applications our customers can trust. That’s why we’re looking to add to a new Security Governance Analyst to our rapidly-growing Trust & Security Governance function, which is part of our Information Security team. Opportunity: This is a great opportunity to master the fundamentals of security governance, risk management, and security program management. We’re looking for someone who is highly organized and eager to learn, with a background or interest in information security and compliance frameworks. In this position, your ability to successfully carry out cross-functional work will require strong communication skills, patience, and a solution-oriented attitude. Responsibilities: Manage compliance-related projects involving multiple stakeholders. Relevant compliance/regulatory frameworks include SOX, GDPR, and SOC 2 Type II. Handle day-to-day tactical auditing activities for specified control sets, both for external auditors and as an internal auditing function for security controls. Address questions about Rapid7’s internal security program from customers, prospects, and auditors. This will often require working with other members of the Information Security team, and with other Rapid7 teams, including Engineering, Product Management, Content Strategy, and Legal. Assist in third party risk management efforts by performing security assessments of potential Rapid7 partners/vendors. This requires considering elements such as the architecture of computer information systems, the sensitivity of data that will be processed, the vendor’s overall security program maturity, and any aspect of the engagement that could introduce risk to Rapid7. Assist in creation, distribution, and enforcement of information security policies and controls internally across Rapid7. Requirements A general knowledge of or interest in information security, computer information systems, data privacy, and data governance. Strong project management abilities, including ability to coordinate initiatives across technical and non-technical teams/stakeholders and managing distributed teams and projects. Ability to work effectively with both technical and business executives. Strong communication and organizational abilities. Preferred Qualifications Experience in information security and/or information technology. Understanding of certification and accreditation/auditing activities, and security control frameworks. Experience with GRC (Governance, Risk & Compliance) solutions. Ability to automate manual processes with solutions like Komand.