DATA ARCHITECT MANAGER Full-time (40-hours/week) position under the general direction of the Director of Information Technology. Responsible for: Leading a Team of Data Architects to ensure the effective installation, operation, maintenance, data integrity, performance of the Agency's databases and supporting infrastructure, including: Microsoft SQL Report Server, Back Office and Internal Information Servers, Electronic Health Record (EHR) System, Financial and Fundraising Systems, Executive Dashboards, and Help Desk software. Position responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Supervise, guide and mentor the Agency Data Architect Team. Lead the conceptualization and delegation of tasks for complex, high-level projects to ensure they are on track and in alignment with the Agency's strategic goals. Architect data infrastructure to scale with organizational growth and improve processes such as system level monitoring, business continuity, backups, etc. Improve and standardize the Systems Development Life-cycle (SDLC) for faster delivery of robust systems to stakeholders. Improve the testing environment to resemble the production environment throughout the SDLC for better identification of defects before delivery. Work with the Director of Information Technology to ensure effective data security and HIPAA compliance of Agency data systems. Ensure effective and accurate data integration with Agency data systems such as our Electronic Health Record System, Human Resources Management System, Financial and Fundraising systems. Respond to requests for data, reports; track data, analyze and provide reports. Identify, own, track and resolve database incidents and problems efficiently and quickly; proactively escalate any issues that can't be resolved within established timeframes. Establish and maintain effective communications and working relationships with technology customers within the Agency to keep them updated on their requests, resolve problems, etc. Position requirements include, but not limited to: A Bachelor's Degree, preferably in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Information Systems or related field. Minimum five years' experience and demonstrable skills and knowledge in relational databases and database technologies, including Microsoft SQL, TOAD for Oracle and PHP Web Development. Minimum one to three years' experience supervising a team of technical staff. Project Management skills, certified Project Management Professional (PMP) or credit toward a PMP is a plus. Experience with data extraction, database reporting and analysis tools, upgrading and maintaining database systems, and programming custom web pages. Location: Pasadena, CA