The Database Systems Specialist will work with the Manager of Data Services to administer efficient database operations. The Specialist is responsible for ensuring daily revenue is posted accurately and timely, and assists with month-end close and financial reconciliation. The Specialist will work with end users to ensure constituent’s data is accurate and meets American Bible Society database standards. The Specialist will create tools to assist with organization reports and analysis. The Specialist will test and troubleshoot system by applying knowledge of information systems. The Specialist will catalog system solutions and will conduct training and post resources for organization needs. Essential Duties & Responsibilities Provide end user support to CRM database users Create new users, assign system roles and conduct new user training Work with American Bible Society team to manage data hygiene and data integrity, including augmentation historical sources Create and maintain training materials and lead refresher and ad hoc training as necessary Escalate support issues and work with vendor support team for resolution Import revenue in a timely manner, identify and elevate revenue-related issues Assist with providing input to database goals and processes related to the overall Mission Process information — Compiling, coding, categorizing, calculating, tabulating, auditing, or verifying information or data Analyze Data or Information — Identifying the underlying principles, reasons, or facts of information by breaking down information or data into separate parts Advancement vision for successful database functionality Support Manager of Data Services as necessary Essential Traits/Skills: Minimum qualifications individual must possess when entering position Passion for the Bible cause and its ability to impact lives Fervent belief in the mission of American Bible Society and its core values Experience with computer programs such as Advanced Excel, donor database applications, SQL, and creating macro functions, and process mapping Must be able to work independently, organize and prioritize work, be proactive, take initiative, resolve problems, follow through, work with end users, and simultaneously manage multiple priorities to ensure goals are met in a timely manner Familiarity with the workings of a nonprofit organization, fundraising and communications programs Proven ability to work in a team environment Excellent oral and written communication skills. Ability to convey written and verbal information to others effectively Problem solving and decision-making Attention to detail Work Activities Processing Information — compiling, coding, categorizing, calculating, tabulating, auditing, or verifying information or data. Analyzing Data or Information — identifying the underlying principles, reasons, or facts of information by breaking down information or data into separate parts. Making Decisions and Solving Problems — analyzing information and evaluating results to choose the best solution and solve problems. Getting Information — observing, receiving, and obtaining information from all relevant sources. Assess and update database performance. Implement security measures for computer or information systems. Assist with development of information security policies or procedures. Business Process Mapping to advise Leadership on alternative solutions to increase ROI. Provide input to meet organizational goals or objectives. Collaboration Education/Training Bachelor’s degree or 3 or more years equivalent experience Preferably knowledge of Blackbaud CRM Computer proficiency in Microsoft Office Advanced Excel Working Conditions Office located in Philadelphia, PA. Minimal travel required. _SPECIAL REQUIREMENT_ : Background checks are required after a conditional job offer is made. Consideration of the background check will be tailored to the requirements of the job.