With over 240 million users in 196 countries, Change.org is the world’s largest technology platform for social change. Our team spans 18 countries and empowers hundreds of millions of people to have a voice and fight injustice. We’re a social impact business, and we’re aiming to build a world where no one is powerless and where creating change is a part of everyday life. We do everything we can to look after our staff - unlimited vacation (that actually gets used), and 18 weeks parental leave are just the beginning. And best of all, our team is high impact, low ego and incredibly inspiring. About the role: We’re seeking a hands-on and highly motivated Growth Specialist to join our product team. In this role, you’ll be responsible for building, running and analyzing creative experiments across all parts of the Change.org platform. Our approach to growth is largely built around continuous and rapid experimentation. We obsess over iterative optimizations to our user experience, so our product can provide the perfect tools to win campaigns started by our users. As an experimenter you will use your creative problem solving skills to run A/B tests and drive business decisions through reliable and reproducible analyses. This is a unique opportunity to be a part of a growth team that works closely with our product, design, engineering and campaigns teams to drive significant impact for social change. The role is based in either of our San Francisco or Victoria, BC offices. Who we’re looking for: You’re a phenomenal fit for this role if you have a curious mind. You’re not afraid to ask questions and learn new things. As someone with a low ego, you listen to data even when it disproves your own point of view. You’re collaborative and enjoy working with people from diverse backgrounds and you’re able to communicate difficult concepts to others. You will thrive on this team if you are someone who can ask questions, sweat the details, continuously keep learning, and learn from others. What you’ll be doing: Driving impact - you’ll be pushing significant improvements to Change.org’s core growth, impact and revenue metrics through executing a program of rapid, continuous A/B testing such that no traffic is underutilized. Growing the community - Show us your knowledge of the growth hacking best practices. Wow us with ideas and channels we’ve never even considered. Thinking deep and acting quick - ask a lot of questions and think deeply about users, but know that time is of the essence. Generating ideas - on a daily basis you’ll be coming up with creative user assumptions to test and iterating from each previous experiment to develop key user behaviour insights Sweating the numbers - analyzing results and digging into data to understand exactly what’s working and what’s not. Articulate results and lessons simply in order to drive learning and report out improvements across the organisation. Building cross-functional leadership - No one works with more teams than you do. You’ll be working with everyone across our campaigns, operations, engineering, analytics, and design. You know their strengths and how they’ll work with you to bring in more users. You’ll also be working across multiple languages, timezones and cultures. Optimizing user experience - Rapidly execute A/B tests across key parts of the Change.org product that improves performance of the platform. In particular our email, petition creation, share content, sign page and post-sign experience. Understanding our users - You’ll constantly be trying to get inside the heads of the different users of the platform, and you’ll have demonstrated passion and capability for this in the past. Writing and producing content - You love finding exactly the right phrase or word, or finding exactly the right image to capture a concept, inspire action, and motivate. And you should also have the right eye to spot tpyos. It’s great, but not required if you have: Understanding of basic statistical concepts (like Confidence Intervals) and statistical tests for experiments & trials. Experience with SQL, Javascript and HTML/CSS Experience with A/B Testing tools (ie Optimizely, Google Optimize, etc) Experience with product design tools (Illustrator, Sketch, Invision) Interested? Great, here’s what you should know: It’s a role that is based in San Francisco or Victoria, BC. Though we are open to someone starting remotely and moving to one of those places by early Q4 2018. If you would need to relocate for the role, we could assist. Change.org is committed to being a diverse and inclusive workplace. We encourage applicants of different backgrounds, cultures, genders, experiences, abilities and perspectives to apply. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, age, physical disability, or length of time spent unemployed. We’re working for a world where no one is powerless, and where creating change is a part of everyday life. We’re just getting started, and we hope you’ll join us. Apply for this job