The Data Analyst/Reporting Writer works within the Business Intelligence (BI) group and supports development activities in alignment with a corporate data strategy. The Data Analyst/Reporting Writer serves as a key technical resource in the development and delivery of data-oriented solutions to support critical business needs. This individual must be highly technical, with a good understanding of BI and data management principles, and must also be able to work with business and IT personnel to design, document and deploy the best technical solution within business timelines. PRINCIPAL RESPONSIBILITIES: Develops data delivery solutions using various BI solutions. Works closely with, and takes direction from, Data Architects and ETL Engineers to build and modify data delivery solutions. Works with peers to advance data management principles across the enterprise. Troubleshoots issues with minimal guidance, identifies data related problems and provides scalable solutions. Participates in the definition of application scope and objectives through research and fact finding. Maintains productive working relationships with project sponsors and key systems users. Supports work estimation process in support of development activities. Performs other job-related duties as assigned or apparent. The statements used herein are intended to describe the general nature and level of the work being performed by an employee in this position, and are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties and skills required by an incumbent so classified. Furthermore, they do not establish a contract for employment and are subject to change at the discretion of the Company. PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS: Bachelor's Degree in Business, IT or related field. Experience with large enterprise-grade (>10TB) data warehouse solutions. Experience working with Metadata, MDM, and Data Quality tool suites. Experience with BI tools (Cognos, Hyperion, Microsoft SSRS, etc.). Experience with Oracle Essbase. Experience with data visualization tools (Tableau, Qlik, Birst, Spotfire). Experience with large database implementations (Oracle, SQL server, IBM, etc.) Experience working with Cloud-based database solutions. Experience with Big Data solutions including Hadoop. Experience working with dimensional modeling and slowly changing dimensions. Experience with SQL scripting languages (SSIS, PL/SQL, etc.). Experience with predictive analytics and forecasting. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: Minimum of 3 years of IT experience. Experience demonstrating data management principles. Experience working with SQL-based query tools. Experience working with BI reporting software. Experience working with data visualization software. Experience working with relational database technology. Experience working with large database environments (>5TB). OTHER KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS & ABILITIES: Strong understanding of traditional BI tools such as Hyperion, Cognos, MicroStrategy, Business Objects, etc. Good working knowledge of next generation, data visualization solutions (Birst, Spotfire, Tableau, Qlik, etc.). Understanding of core data management principles, including Data Stewardship, Data Quality, Metadata Management, Master Data Management and Data Lineage. Eager to learn about, and become subject matter expert in, data warehousing, data management, data quality and ETL architecture. Willing to learn alternate data-oriented technologies and leverage these tools across multiple database technologies. Strong analytical skills and focus on bottom-line results. Effective interpersonal communication across various levels of the organization. Ability to interpret, evaluate and communicate detailed information in a manner that is appropriate to the audience. Ability to conduct root cause analyses and performance tuning for complex business processes and functionality. Ability to interact with IT and business users across the organization to resolve issues and provide solutions in a timely manner.