Description Required Attachments: Cover Letter Resume 2 Classified Reference Forms or Letters of Recommendation HS Diploma or Transcripts OR GED Diploma or Transcripts The position of Assistant to the Director of Business & Operations is to independently provide technical and administrative support for business functions (facilities, finance, food service, transportation and risk management) and to the Director of Business and Operations; to ensure compliance with financial, legal, and administrative requirements of assigned duties. This is a full time position, 8 hours per day, 7:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m., includes paid holidays and vacation. Examples of Duties Essential Job Functions : Independently Provides Support to the Director of Business and Operations as assigned or needed Monitor assigned activities and/or program components (facilities, transportation, food service, finance and risk management, as assigned, etc.) for the purpose of ensuring compliance with financial, legal, and/or administrative requirements Responsible for: Assuring state, local and federal compliance with laws and district policies and procedures. All Areas: Examples of duties include: Facilitate the development and preparation of bid specifications and documents. Advertise/provide notice and instruction to bidders. Open and summarize bid responses. Work cooperatively with staff to evaluate and recommend bid awards. Obtain and study/summarize comparative prices and quotations Inventory tracking/updates Surplus of property Perform research as requested or needed Business/operations employee leave tracking/timesheet verification Website update requests Schedule meetings as requested/needed Filing and development of workable filing system Attend meetings as requested or in place of Director Facilities: Examples of facilities duties include: Scheduling work with vendors Follow up on calls/correspondence with vendors Facility rentals Summer utility worker scheduling Maintenance of Small Works Roster Prevailing Wage compliance Supply or parts orders – custodial and other facilities Attend Safety Committee Meetings Food Service/Transportation: Example of food service/transportation duties include: Surplus of Property, including vehicles Serve as monitor for summer feeding program Compile and submit annual food service applications Project bus depreciation and payment plans Review invoices for accuracy Finance: Examples of finance duties include: Annual budget data entry Budget worksheet preparation Prepare and print business purchase orders Run financial reports as requested Review invoices for accuracy Bank deposits Compile and submit monthly food service claims Risk Management: Examples of risk management duties include: Insurance invoice review Prepare annual insurance applications Coordinate student insurance applications with secretaries and submit to vendor Schedule trainings as applicable Answer telecommunication and email system for the purpose of screening calls, transferring calls, responding to inquiries and/or taking messages Compose documents (e.g. correspondence, memos, reports, etc.) for the purpose of communicating information to school and district personnel, the public, state officials, etc. Respond to inquiries of staff, the public, parents and/or students for the purpose of providing information and/or direction as may be required Perform other tasks and assume such other responsibilities that are legal and ethical as Supervisor or designee may assign or are necessary for best outcomes. Typical Qualifications Experience Required: Prior job related experience with increasing levels of responsibility; knowledge of the Skyward system preferred. Experience in an office environment that requires administrative support, documentation, procurement, inventory, budget, report development and scheduling. Familiarity with facilities projects and school maintenance, custodial/maintenance supplies and associated terminology. Must have experience working independently and making independent decisions related to areas of responsibility. Skills, Knowledge and/or Abilities Required: _Skills:_ to operate and maintain standard office equipment including use of basic computer applications, use English in both written and verbal form, use correct spelling, grammar and punctuation; preferred word processing speed of 55 wpm; accurate with a ten key calculator; proficient with Excel. Maintain a workable filing system. Detailed oriented with a high amount of data. Able to organize work load and prioritize. _Knowledge:_ of rules and regulations related to assigned school functions, basic budgeting, financial and statistical record keeping, state/federal bid compliance and public works laws, and ability to use standard office equipment. Ability to process inventory and surplus property for the purpose of audit requirements. _Abilities:_ to sit for prolonged periods at assigned workstation, work independently, understand and carry out oral and written instructions, handle frequent interruptions, interact with persons of different age groups and cultural backgrounds. Significant physical abilities include reaching/handling/fingering, talking/hearing conversation, near visual acuity/visual accommodation and may include lifting/carrying up to 25 lbs. Education Required: High School diploma or equivalent, post secondary desired. Licenses, Certifications, Bonding, and/or Testing: Administrative competencies as determined by skills testing; Criminal Justice Fingerprint Clearance, cost paid by the applicant. Supplemental Information Reports to: Director of Business & Operations