Stonecrest is a premier Assisted Living and Memory Care community designed by award winning architects encompassing a new generation of Senior Living. We are dedicated to providing the highest level of quality lifestyle and care for seniors in a world class, upscale community environment. If you believe in putting people first, taking ownership of every situation, doing the right thing every time and living generously, then Stonecrest Senior Living is the place for you! Stonecrest Senior Living is committed to a work environment that encompasses integrity, respect and customer focus. We are dedicated to recognizing individual strengths where employees can attain a personal satisfaction in their work while promoting a team-oriented atmosphere. Join our Stonecrest Team! The Move In Coordinator is responsible for assisting the Director of Sales and Marketing in actively acquiring and managing short- and long-term leads. These responsibilities include handling telephone, walk-in, and inbound mail inquiries; qualifying prospects; converting qualified leads to tours; converting tours to deposits; and, assisting with move ins in accordance with established procedures. The Move-In Coordinator is also responsible for the smooth transition of a new resident into the community. Greet and assist residents, families, guests, staff and visitors at the concierge desk and respond appropriately to all inquiries about the community. As directed, handle inbound telephone, walk-in and mail inquiries including completing the inquiry information form, entering inquiry information into the electronic database and follow-up correspondence. Qualify prospects, convert qualified prospects to tours and convert tours to deposits using the sales process. Give community tours as a backup to the Community Relations Manager and provide marketing information in accordance with the marketing process. Coordinate inquiry follow-up activity with the Community Relations Manager. Assist the Community Relations Manager in implementing plans to acquire leads, manage leads and increase census. As assigned, serve as a liaison for residents and family members new to the community. Work to ensure that all new residents have a smooth transition by creating welcome signs; introducing the new resident to key community staff; planning and hosting new resident parties/luncheons; introducing new residents to other residents, training new residents on the community’s emergency call system; scheduling the new resident’s showers, laundry, housekeeping and other internal tasks; assigning the new resident a table/seat in the dining room; and any other tasks assigned. Qualifications Prior experience in marketing, sales, advertising and client experience preferred. Telephone sales experience preferred. A Bachelor’s degree (B.A./B.S.) from a four year college or university preferred. Strong analytical skills with the ability to interpret data. Excellent writing/communication skills. Strong Microsoft Office Suite skills (Word, Excel) Experience with database or customer relationship management software preferred. Enjoy working in a fast-paced, team-oriented environment. PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS: Continuous walking and standing Must be able to perform work both inside and outside, which requires stooping, bending and lifting of approximately 75 pounds