Min Qualifications Bachelor's degree or equivalent in related field and 3 years related experience. JOB DESCRIPTION: To provide the technical skills and expertise required in developing and maintaining computer operating system software of the most complex nature. Salary Range From 81,462 to 105,900 Annually Specific Job Related Duties This position contributes to the overall success of the UTMB Business Intelligence Platform also known as ‘UTMB Discover’ by managing the project portfolio. You will lead high performing, cross-functional teams for UTMB Discover. You will maintain a close partnership with business stakeholders, enabling collaboration on, project planning, execution and delivery. You will provide professional guidance and leadership to your project teams to realize the strategic business vision or desired results of the project. You will coordinate multiple projects within our portfolio in accordance with established standards and best practices. Relationships will include – executives, managers, functional analysts, solutions architects, data architects, data integration developers, infrastructure engineers, security analyst’s subject-matter experts and others. You are experienced and have an established understanding of business intelligence and data architecture. You are detail-oriented, driven and exhibit excellent problem solving, communication and project management skills. You are passionate about delivering extensible, on-time solutions and provide a keen focus on contributing to the development of high-performing teams. You are able to work in a fast paced environment Primary Responsibilities: Develop a deep understanding of projects within the program and the broader technology portfolio; managing assigned projects with a clear understanding of business and technology context, developing a deep understanding of cross-team functions and dependencies. Ensure alignment of proposed projects with the program roadmap and its goals, manage project planning and execution accordingly. Liaise with external and internal, sponsors and customers on project related matters. Define the scope of work, business requirements and project deliverables Prepare project charter, Identify work required to achieve project deliverables. Prepare project timeline of project milestones and deliverables. Identify resources required to achieve project deliverables. Plan development sprints/cycles. Organize development work. Track project progress. Plan and manage project resources. Communicates program status to participants and stakeholders accurately and on time. Plan and manage project risks and issues.Escalates to ensure issues are resolved and risks mitigated, as needed. Plan and manage changes to project scope, timeline and resources. Manage migration of applications developed to production Close project out Core Competencies: 5+ years of Project Management experience managing large scale projects PMP, PgMP or Scrum Master Certifications Experience in managing Business Intelligence/Analytics projects Experience with both waterfall and agile processes Experience with Project Management tools Experience in the healthcare industry is a plus Experience in business intelligences tools such as Qlik, OBIEE or Tableau Working knowledge of Data Warehousing Experience with marketing projects a plus Advanced knowledge of project management principles: scope, schedule, quality, budget management; defining team roles & responsibilities; driving issue resolution and mitigating risk; influencing and negotiation skills; vendor management oversight Advanced project management soft skills – able to lead diverse teams and coach others in complex situations and scenarios. Superior communication skills, both written and verbal, to communicate with all levels of the organization. Experience leading complex projects from initial justification through completion utilizing Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC) Waterfall and Agile methodologies. Working knowledge and experience with data privacy and data governance processes Strong analytical & problem-solving skills with a focus on the customer Demonstrated experience and focus on leadership and continuous improvement of processes; comfortable operating independently and leading through ambiguity in a fast-paced environment. Work Schedule 8 am to 5 pm Location: Clear Lake Center Preferred Skill/Competency PMP, PgMP or Scrum Master Certifications Advanced knowledge of project management principles: scope, schedule, quality, budget management; defining team roles & responsibilities; driving issue resolution and mitigating risk; influencing and negotiation skills; vendor management oversight Advanced project management soft skills – able to lead diverse teams and coach others in complex situations and scenarios. Superior communication skills, both written and verbal, to communicate with all levels of the organization. Strong analytical & problem-solving skills with a focus on the customer Business Intelligence Toolset and Data Warehousing knowledge. Preferred Work Experience 5+ years of Project Management experience managing large scale projects Demonstrated experience and focus on leadership and continuous improvement of processes; comfortable operating independently and leading through ambiguity in a fast-paced environment. Experience in managing Business Intelligence/Analytics projects Experience leading complex projects from initial justification through completion utilizing Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC) Waterfall and Agile methodologies Experience with Project Management tools Experience in the healthcare industry is a plus Experience in business intelligences tools such as Qlik, OBIEE, Tableau is a plus Experience with marketing projects a plus Working knowledge and experience with data privacy and data governance processes Closing Statement it Equal Employment Opportunity UTMB Health strives to provide equal opportunity employment without regard to race, color, national origin, sex, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information or veteran status. As a VEVRAA Federal Contractor, UTMB Health takes affirmative action to hire and advance women, minorities, protected veterans and individuals with disabilities. Full/Part Time: Full-Time Job Type: Regular Job Title: Analytics Project Manager (SSS III) - Information Services Job ID: 60449 Location: Webster Business Unit: CIOIS