Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship- building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users. As a US Multicultural Business Consultant, you'll envision, prepare, and deliver presentations and build client relationships. You will drive everything from strategic planning with internal teams to external relationship management with agencies and advertising clients. You will also be the main point of contact for all multicultural inquiries from Google’s clients and help optimize our leadership in the multicultural space. Our Large Customer Sales teams partner closely with many of the world’s biggest advertisers and agencies to develop digital solutions that build strong businesses and brands. We enjoy a bird’s eye view on the massive transformation occurring as advertising shifts to mobile and online platforms. We're uniquely situated to help shape how companies grow their businesses in the digital age. We advise clients on Google's broad range of products across search, video and mobile to help them connect instantly and seamlessly with their audiences. Responsibilities Lead all aspects of multicultural sales to the Large Customer Sales (LCS) teams, and act as the main point of contact for all multicultural inquiries across a range of teams. Create business proposals, existing business upsells, and establish thought leadership and industry presence. Periodically review accounts at a high level to understand performance, opportunities and impact. Manage opportunities, tasks, pipeline and productivity metrics; working towards strategic business goals. Work with Agency and Account teams to understand client business objectives and deliver ad solutions to meet those objectives. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 8 years of experience working in advertising sales. Preferred qualifications: Knowledge of advertising tools. Knowledge of the multicultural consumer and the multicultural advertising space. Ability to lead and manage an entire vertical covering both brand and performance initiatives. Ability to manage large quotas. Ability to speak and write in English and Spanish, and one of the following Mandarin, Japanese and/or Korean, fluently and idiomatically. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.