Comcast Spotlight, the advertising sales division of Comcast Cable, helps put the power of cable to use for local, regional and national advertisers. It is focused on providing multi-platform marketing solutions to reach audiences most effectively and efficiently. Headquartered in New York with offices throughout the country, Comcast Spotlight has a presence in nearly 80 markets with approximately 35 million owned and represented subscribers. Comcast Spotlight offers clients easy-to-buy, easy-to-execute options customized around their business goals. We work with clients to provide them with customized, multi-screen media marketing solutions that utilize our suite of products in the way that's best suited to meet their objectives. Our media solutions provide advertisers with the ability to reach, engage and connect with their customers viewing content on any device or screen. Job Summary: Responsible for defining business intelligence requirements forindividual subject areas; develops conceptual data models, design,build, and test sets of reporting and analytic business intelligenceprograms. Works cross-functionally to collect data and makes actionablerecommendations at all levels. Infers trends from a variety of datasources and confidently delivers their interpretation; makesrecommendations to executives. Has in-depth experience, knowledge andskills in own discipline. Usually determines own work priorities. Actsas resource for colleagues with less experience.Core Responsibilities: - Performs all business intelligence analysis and data exploitation.Extracts signals and signatures from raw data, integrates thatinformation with other data sources and compiles/disseminates formattedreports to customers.- Recommends improvements to competitive business intelligence reportsand interpretation of data by sales, business development, product, andexecutive committees.- Plans and executes system testing. Requires knowledge of thecustomer's mission and technology used to accomplish a given task.- Leads the analysis and reconciliation of data and reporting projectsand initiatives delivery.- Develops, maintains, and reports all relevant product, site, andcustomer metrics and applies findings to develop appropriate goals andprojections.- Trains others throughout the organization in using key analytical andforecasting tools and statistical analysis.- Consistent exercise of independent judgment and discretion in mattersof significance.- Regular, consistent and punctual attendance. Must be able to worknights and weekends, variable schedule(s) as necessary.- Other duties and responsibilities as assigned.Job Specification: - Bachelors Degree or Equivalent- Business- Generally requires 5-7 years related experienceEmployees at all levels are expect to: - Understand our Operating Principles; make them the guidelines for howyou do your job- Own the customer experience-think and act in ways that put ourcustomers first, give them seamless digital options at every touchpoint,and make them promoters of our products and services- Know your stuff-be enthusiastic learners, users and advocates of ourgame-changing technology, products and services, especially our digitaltools and experiences- Win as a team-make big things happen by working together and beingopen to new ideas- Be an active part of the Net Promoter System-a way of working thatbrings more employee and customer feedback into the company-by joininghuddles, making call backs and helping us elevate opportunities to dobetter for our customers- Drive results and growth- Respect and promote inclusion and diversity- Do what's right for each other, our customers, investors and ourcommunities. Comcast is an EOE/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT employer