Salary Range: $60,084 - $90,010 / Annually Department/Bureau: Department of Environmental Services / Architecture & Engineering TYPICAL WORK ACTIVITIES: Reviews and develops architectural plans of proposed new construction, renovation, and remodeling projects; Monitors construction and reviews plans for compliance with contracts, agency construction standards, and various local and state building codes; Prepares freehand and computer-aided drawings and schematics illustrating proposed ideas and final designs; Communicates in person and by telephone with department personnel, the public, contractors, vendors, etc.; Prepares preliminary and updated cost estimates and specifications; Develops and assembles construction contract documents and bid packages in accordance with pre-established standards; Performs tasks associated with bid and construction administration, such as preparing and distributing bid packages, conducting pre-permit and pre-bid meetings with prospective bidders, evaluating incoming bids against contract specifications, and preparing formal recommendation for contract award; Inspects construction in the field, answering contractor's questions, observing test procedures, checking that work is done according to plans and codes, and photographing project details; Keeps track of quantities of construction materials used, maintains construction timetables, and recommends payment of contractor when appropriate; Reviews shop drawings and inspects construction of mechanical and electrical systems such as plumbing, HVAC, fire extinguishing and communications systems, lighting fixtures, and heat pumps; May supervise architectural assistants, or other personnel; Writes field inspection reports and attends field meetings with contractors; Reviews test results of construction materials in order to determine whether specifications are met; Inspects agency-maintained buildings, gathers and assembles data concerning structural dimensions and conditions, and assists in the development of preventive maintenance programs and repair schedules for each building; Proposes new construction projects based on field observations; Evaluates and tests products prior to purchase such as furniture, paint, wall and floor coverings, etc. Advises contractors and/or property owners on methods and materials to use in order to bring plans into compliance with mandated codes and/or contracts; Acts as liaison between the agency and contractor, utilities, citizens, and officials of other jurisdictions; Assists contractors, developers, and property owners by providing building code information at the public counter and over the phone; Inputs, updates and retrieves information on specifications and project files using personal computer; Updates property files on an automated information system and maintains other files as appropriate. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: I. A. Master's degree in Architecture; AND B.Three (3) years of experience in an architectural office, developing designs and administering contracts for the renovation of public or commercial buildings and structures; OR II. A. Bachelor's degree in Architecture or in Environmental Design with specialization in architecture; AND B. Four (4) years of experience as described in I-B. OR III. A. Associate's degree in Architectural Technology, AND B. Six (6) years of experience as described in I-B above. SPECIAL REQUIREMENT : 1\. Current registration and licensure as an Architect in the State of New York; NOTE: Registration must be maintained throughout employment in this job title. 2\. Possession of a valid NYS Class D Motor Vehicle Operator's license at time of appointment. This license must be maintained throughout employment in this job title. 3\. Employee must complete the requirements for and obtain a State of New York Basic Code Enforcement Training Certificate for building and property inspectors, within eighteen (18) months of appointment when assigned to the Department of Neighborhood & Business Development or Rochester Housing Authority. Training will be arranged after the time of appointment. DEADLINE FOR APPLICATION IS AT 5:00 PM ON Thursday, August 2, 2018. APPLICATION WILL BE ACCEPTED THROUGH THAT DATE IN ROOM 103A, CITY HALL. PLEASE BE CERTAIN THAT YOUR APPLICATION IS COMPLETE AND DESCRIBES ALL RELEVANT EXPERIENCE. APPLICATIONS WILL BE REVIEWED BASED UPON THE INFORMATION SUPPLIED. Resumes may accompany but will not be accepted in place of a City of Rochester employment application. Applications may be obtained at City Hall, on the City's website: www.cityofrochester.gov, or by sending a self-addressed, stamped envelope to Human Resource Management, City Hall, 30 Church Street, Room 103A, Rochester, NY 14614. CITY RESIDENCY IS REQUIRED WITHIN ONE YEAR OF HIRE Application must be received or post marked by the final filing date, otherwise this application will be rejected.