Conagra Brands has the most energized, highest-impact culture in food. Our people persistently challenge and disrupt marketplace/business conventions and we are respected for our great brands, great food, great margins and consistent results. Conagra Brands, be part of building something BIG. Job Summary As part of the Revenue Growth Management team, this position is responsible for designing, developing and supporting sales applications and reporting tools to meet the strategic trade management requirements of Customer Teams. This role serves to represent Field Sales by ensuring existing system technologies are being fully leveraged to optimize sales, while working with cross functional partners to identify new systems or processes to drive continuous improvement. This position interacts and collaborates heavily with Field Sales, Customer Development, IT and other support teams through project work and day-to-day production support of trade systems and reporting. Position Responsibilities Serve as liaison between field sales, business units and IT to determine the best trade systems solutions needed to serve the business. This includes gathering business requirements, assessing needs, analyzing gaps and alternatives to develop and automate the most effective and efficient solutions. Engage in multiple tasks while simultaneously supporting production systems and reporting. Collaborate closely with teams on long-term project initiatives, which may require taking on various roles across multiple work efforts. Work closely with sales teams to identify challenges or opportunities within existing trade processes/systems. Professionally drive and challenge teams on needs, assumptions, and expected outcomes through collaboration; working to develop and drive to one consistent process across the organization and minimizing customization. Integrate acquisitions into current business and system models, developing new capabilities based on business driven decisions. Support or lead existing projects by gathering and understanding business requirements, translating business requirements to functional design, confirming technical design meets or exceeds customer expectations, testing and validating end-to-end design internally, perform user acceptance testing with customer base, transfer knowledge through training to all impacted parties, provide ongoing support for project implementation Position Qualifications Undergraduate business or technical degree 2+ years business experience in CPG industry with work history in project management, business process design optimization, operations, and systems implementation experience Ability to troubleshoot problems Understanding of the total business process and procedures Strong technical, report running and analytical abilities Strong verbal and written communication skills Ability to work within a matrix organization and discuss and prioritize work initiatives Demonstrates basic knowledge of SAP R3 master data: customer, products in addition to hierarchical structures such as: customer, product and sales hierarchies to assist with the structural and security set up for trade planning. Demonstrates basic understanding of the application of pricing and spending along with condition records with SAP R3 to assure the customer invoicing and financial processes correctly affected. Demonstrates understanding of trade planning (i.e., account and new distribution) utilizing SAP CRM/TPM/TM/NDF to assist field sales and support teams with the development and execution of plans. Strong Excel skills required in order to utilize front-end tools developed for trade management (i.e., TM, NDF, and Allocation Tool). Proficient skills using Microsoft Word and PowerPoint to provide clearly understood visual aids and communications regarding project designs. Some knowledge of project management along with following core competencies: Integration - coordinates project planning, execution and change control Scope – determine required work and control scope changes Time Management – ensure project is delivered on time and within schedule Quality Management – ensure project satisfies requirements and approved scope changes Risk Management – assess and mitigate risk, escalate uncontrollable issues Ability to make recommendations for solutions based on information gathered and analyzed from the systems previously mentioned LI-PM1 SF-GD