Job Summary The HEDIS/Data Analytics Program Manager will be an active collaborator with people who are responsible for internal business projects and programs involving the Quality department or cross-functional teams of subject matter experts, delivering products through the design process to completion. Plans and directs schedules as well as project budgets. Monitors the project from inception through delivery. May engage and oversee the work of external vendors. These positions' primary focus is project/program management, rather than the application of expertise in a specialized functional field of knowledge although they may have technical team members. Focuses on process improvement, organizational change management, program management and other processes relative to the business. Our ideal candidate will possess the following skillsets: Will have an analytical mindset – All about finding the solutions Working experience with HEDIS software Strong desire to engage with cross-functional teams What you will be doing: • Leads and manages team in planning and executing business programs. • Serves as the subject matter expert in the functional area and leads programs to meet critical needs. • Communicates and collaborates with customers to analyze and transform needs and goals into functional requirements. Delivers the appropriate artifacts as needed. • Works with operational leaders within the business to provide recommendations on opportunities for process improvements. • Creates business requirements documents, test plans, requirements traceability matrix, user training materials and other related documentations. Job Qualifications Required Education Bachelor's Degree or equivalent combination of education and experience Required Experience 5-7 years experience in a healthcare/managed care environment Preferred Education Graduate Degree or equivalent combination of education and experience Preferred Experience 7-9 years experience in a healthcare/managed care environment Preferred License, Certification, Association PMP Certification (and/or comparable coursework), Six Sigma Black Belt Certification, ITIL Certification desired To all current Molina employees: If you are interested in applying for this position, please apply through the intranet job listing. Molina Healthcare offers a competitive benefits and compensation package. Molina Healthcare is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE) M/F/D/V.