The Security Analyst will coordinate, develop, evaluate, implement, and administer security and compliance programs and policies for HFF. This person will be primarily responsible for ensuring that proper IT security and other requisite compliance/controls are applied to the technology systems at HFF in accordance with established policies, procedures, and standards. Main Responsibilities Work with the IT Management team to establish policies and manage the security and compliance program. Collaborate with internal teams and external auditors to ensure that annual and ongoing compliance objectives are met. Manage cross-functional projects including, but not limited to, the Disaster Recovery and Business Continuity Plans, office expansions and relocations, etc. Perform security and compliance evaluations and assessments of owned and third party software, systems, components, and hardware. Work with technical teams to design secure and stable systems, enhancements, and support processes to meet external and internal customer requirements. Assist technical teams with implementation of secure systems, including intrusion detection/prevention, data leakage prevention, content filtering, firewall compliance, vulnerability, and security event management. Develop and document new and ongoing processes and procedures. Conduct and develop training to assure understanding and acceptance of security and compliance initiatives within the company. Manage the implementation and ongoing review of physical security systems. Meet with stakeholders to develop plans and ensure that project objectives are met. Complete special projects as assigned. Experience Required 3-5 years of combined IT technical and audit experience. CISSP and/or CISA certifications preferred. Others considered. Experience with SOX, SAS70, SOC1, or SOC2 audits is highly preferred. Knowledge of information security standards (e.g. ISO 17799/27002, etc., CoBit), and rules and regulations relate to information security and data confidentiality (e.g., GLBA, HIPAA, etc.) Excellent communication (oral, written, presentation), interpersonal, and consultative skills. Experience developing and instituting operational policies and procedures. Strong IT Security knowledge (network security, IT infrastructure, data security administration, database security, secure coding, logical access, and privacy). Strong project management and organizational skills. Demonstrated ability to plan and manage engagements to meet deadlines. Ability to be an independent worker with a team player attitude. Education Bachelor's degree in a related technical, accounting, or audit field. Environment Office and data center. HFF is an equal opportunity employer and affords equal opportunity to all applicants for all positions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, handicap or disability, genetic information, membership or service in the U.S. Armed Forces, or any other characteristic protected by law.