Data Architect About Slalom: Slalom is a consulting firm that helps companies solve business problems and build for the future, with solutions spanning business advisory, customer experience, technology, and analytics. We partner with companies to push the boundaries of what’s possible—together. Founded in 2001 and headquartered in Seattle, WA, Slalom has organically grown to nearly 6,000 employees. We were named one of Fortune’s 100 Best Companies to Work For in 2018 and are regularly recognized by our employees as a best place to work. About the Role: You are a passionate, self-driven problem solver who loves taking on new challenges using the latest data and cloud technologies. You love data and find yourself keeping up with the latest technology trends. You tinker, explore and regularly read to stay in touch with the big data community and are passionate about discovering ways to improve quality, re-usability, and consistency. You are multi-faceted with a great mix of technical and interpersonal skills, which enables you to succeed in highly collaborative and agile work environments. The ideal candidate has at least 5-8 years of experience in designing, developing, validating and communicating enterprise wide data modeling solutions, including relational and dimensional models. They will have designed and built relational databases for data storage or processing. Deep experience in developing enterprise data management strategies including operational data stores, data warehouse implementations, data movement, data services, data acquisition, data conversion, and archive/recovery. _Basic Qualifications:_ Data modeling and data architect role for enterprise data modeling across multi-domain, multi-subject areas using Inmon, and Kimball methodologies. Developed data strategies that define how the data will be stored, consumed, integrated and managed by different data entities and IT systems, as well as any applications using or processing the data Designed and managed repositories that supports, at a minimum, the business, information, technology and solution viewpoints along with their relationships Experience with one of the following toolsets: AllFusion, Aris, ERwin, Data Architect, Power Designer technologies Hands on experience with data integration technologies – batch and service oriented architecture (SOA) Experience in model development using TOGAF & Zachman Frameworks Develop data models from technical and functional requirements including: § Creating logical and physical data models for current and proposed states § Turning application designs into data model specifications § Understanding data storage requirements and estimate database growth. Designing OLAP and reporting tool data model requirements § Creating intuitive data models in business end user terminology § Constructing database normalization – 1st – 5NF § Utilizing data modeling tools to record, update, reverse engineer and generate DDL Identify impact and opportunities to reuse data structures through services-oriented architecture Leading data architecture and modeling teams for large BI, Cloud and / or ERP projects _Preferred Skills:_ Focus in Upstream Oil & Gas Experience with Enterprise Architecture Tools (Mega, Troux, IBM, Opentext etc) Data Archiving, Disaster Recovery and DBA Experience defining Data Quality strategies deploying solutions including one of the following technologies – SAS DataFlux, IBM Quality Stage, Trillium, Informatica IDE / IDQ, SAP BODS Experience defining Metadata strategies and registry architectures for design, development and execution _Slalom Is An Equal Opportunity Employer And All Qualified Applicants Will Receive Consideration For Employment Without Regard To Race, Color, Religion, Sex, National Origin, Disability Status, Protected Veteran Status, Or Any Other Characteristic Protected By Law._