Job brief: This position works under direct supervision and performs processing work with very little discretion in supporting others. Although the roles do not require decision-making, these functions are accountable for quality and accuracy, requiring general business knowledge or skills. Performs processes, responsible for day to day deliverables of routine and defined outputs under supervision with little discretion. Responsibilities Provide computer hardware and software support to users through personal visitation, software or telephony related means. Troubleshoot and repair or replace defective computer hardware. Provide remote support for incoming calls and mobile end users. Research, document, resolve and respond to technical questions. Assist in the imaging and deployment of desktop and laptop computers. Assist in the documentation of technology related assets. Provide first level contact and convey resolutions to customer issues Properly escalate unresolved queries to the next level of support Track, route and redirect problems to correct resources Update customer data and produce activity reports Walk customers through problem solving process Follow up with customers, provide feedback and see problems through to resolution Utilize excellent customer service skills and exceed customers’ expectations Ensure proper recording, documentation and closure Recommended procedure modifications or improvements Preserve and grow your knowledge of help desk procedures, products and services Requirements 3+ years of experience in providing help desk support Proficient in MS Office Suite, Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 10 and Mac OSX Proficient on Apple, Android and Windows mobile devices Microsoft, CompTIA, Apple Certifications (preferred but not required) Strong client-facing and communication skills Advanced troubleshooting and multi-tasking skills Customer service orientation Ability to travel 10% Ability to work after hours and on-call weekend rotation Berkadia Commercial Mortgage is an equal opportunity employer and affords equal opportunity to all applicants and employees for all positions without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status or any other status protected under local, state or federal laws.