Our San Francisco based Client is a specialty electronics design and integration company focusing on high-end residential projects in San Francisco and Los Angeles. Their proven, repeatable approach to smart home technology has allowed them to truly differentiate themselves. In particular they specialize in the design, installation and maintenance of distributed video & audio systems, private theaters, media rooms, lighting, shading and environmental controls. The System Designer is responsible for designing integrated residential systems, including automation, AV, security, surveillance, lighting control, and motorized window treatments. Responsibilities Ensure the timely completion and delivery of project documents necessary to communicate to clients, field personnel, and others the intended wiring design, layout, appearance, and programming requirements of individual components of the project. Maintain proactive and regular communication, verbally and in writing, with clients, general contractors, and other project representatives in order to keep them informed about technical aspects of the project. Provide technical support to project installation and procurement teams. Provide technical sales support to sales team members, clients, and other project stakeholders. Stay current on technical and industry trends that may affect system designs, such as the emergence of new technologies, sub-systems, components, and product lines. Qualifications 3+ years of experience in electronic systems design and installation. Ability to conceptualize technical component interactions and installation environments to ensure a functional design prior to physical installation. Advanced computer skills, including proficiency in D-Tools, Visio, AutoCAD, Excel, and SharePoint. Ability to read and understand technical specifications and architectural blueprints. Ability to perform calculations, analyze reports, and engage in strategic and creative problem solving. Attention to detail and strong work ethic. Job Benefits $60,000 to $75,000 annual salary. DOE. Health Insurance reimbursement. PTO. Cell phone reimbursement.