Canadian Pacific is a transcontinental railway in Canada and the United States with direct links to major ports on the west and east coasts, providing North American customers a competitive rail service with access to key markets in every corner of the globe. CP is growing with its customers, offering a suite of freight transportation services, logistics solutions and supply chain expertise. Visit cpr.ca to see the rail advantages of CP. Are you interested in an Operations role within CP? If so, submit your application here and let us know what roles you are interested in. Interviews will be conducted for qualified candidates. Job offers/assignments will be made to the qualified applicants when various positions become available within our various Operations teams. Below you'll find the type of roles available at CP For additional information please review the Careers section at www.cpr.ca Conductors $42.50/hour Conductors have one of the most unique and challenging jobs available to North Americans. You have unlimited potential and possibility if you're willing to put in an honest, hard day's work every day. Conductors are the guardians of our trains. As a member of a train crew, a conductor travels to various locations with the train, ensuring the safe arrival of cargo to its destination. Switching cars, making or splitting up trains in yards, or moving cars between yards, sidings or tracks, conductors keep us moving. This entry-level union position can lead to career growth as a yard foreperson, locomotive engineer or management. CP provides paid in-class and field training for a solid understanding of our safety practices, rules and operations. Bring us your high school diploma/GED and we’ll take care of the rest. Engineering Engineering is responsible for building, inspecting, and maintaining track, signals, bridges and structures. Work with us in an experienced, trainee or seasonal position. Track Laborers work outdoors on teams performing moderate to heavy physical labor to repair railway tracks, replacing and repairing various track components including rails, railway ties, fences, and the alignment of track. If you are interested in expanding your railroader career, you have an excellent opportunity to become a machine operator from this position. Assistant Signalmen protects existing S&C; equipment (signals, switch machines, detectors) during track renewal construction. Assistant Signalmen also add new assets to the property. There are two facets to Signals & Communications (S&C;): construction and maintenance. We offer an eight-month training program to become a Signal Maintainer. Upon graduation, you will be moved to our construction team where you will be responsible for protecting existing signal equipment during construction or adding new equipment to the property. Assistant Signalmen protect existing S&C; equipment (signals, switch machines, detectors) during track renewal construction. Assistant Signalmen also add new assets to the property. With the accumulation of seniority, you can then apply for a position as an S&C; Maintainer. Maintainers are involved with the maintenance and repair of all equipment (signals, switch machines, detectors) pertaining to train control systems. They are also responsible for the maintenance and repair of Crossing Warning Systems and other equipment including fiber optics and wireless communications. Work Equipment Repairmen work as members of a team in a high-production environment performing preventative and corrective maintenance to a fleet of heavy equipment. Mechanical Mechanical provides technical support and expertise on locomotives, car engineering issues, and heavy-duty equipment. We inspect, repair and maintain equipment and infrastructure. Experienced and apprentice positions are available. Diesel Mechanic Apprentices maintain and repair all components and mechanical systems on locomotives. Successful candidates enter a four-year training program, which includes both workplace and classroom training. Preference will be given to applicants with formal training in the repair of heavy equipment. Diesel Mechanic Apprentices maintain and repair all components and mechanical systems on locomotives. Diesel Mechanics repair, make modifications and perform scheduled maintenance on CP locomotives, heavy equipment and other associated equipment. Preference will be given to journeyman automotive, diesel, heavy-duty equipment mechanics or related fields. Rail Car Mechanic Apprentices perform heavy labor related to servicing and maintenance of freight cars. WHAT CP HAS TO OFFER: Flexible and competitive benefits package Employer-Funded Retirement Plan Annual Fitness Subsidy Part-time Studies Program ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: As an employer with national presence, the possibility does exist that the location of your position may be changed based on organizational requirements. Medical Requirements: CP is committed to the safety and health of its employees and the general public. This position is considered a safety sensitive or safety critical position; all new hires will be required to complete a pre-employment medical evaluation that includes a vision, hearing, drug screening and pre-employment physical. Drug Test Elements: CP is committed to the safety and health of its employees and the general public. All new hires are required to undergo a drug screen. We appreciate your cooperation in keeping CP safe and drug-free. Background Investigation: The successful candidate will need to successfully complete the following clearances: Criminal history check Reference check Last 3 years of driving history Last 7 years of employment history Social Security number verification CP is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer, inclusive of protected veterans and individuals with disabilities. LI-DNP