Are you an amazing software engineer who loves working on phenomenal products in challenging industries? Are you ready to push yourself, learn new things and advance your career? RigUp is the fastest growing tech startup in the oil & gas industry. We're seeking software engineers of all backgrounds to become key members of our product development team. If you're ready for new challenges, we'd love to hear from you. Our team has great people from all over the US and beyond, from all sorts of industries and all walks of life. We highly value the different perspectives and unique ideas that diversity brings to our company, and consider it an absolute necessity for our future. What you will do You’ll contribute significant, product-defining features within your first few weeks, working full stack and end to end, tackling larger challenges as quickly as you can. You’ll develop deep expertise in our product, architecture and tech stack over your first couple months, establishing yourself as a technical leader on the team and growing our continuous improvement culture. You’ll be thrown into a close-knit team that moves fast, values failure when it teaches us something, and wants people to solve problems. You’ll thrive as someone who learns quickly, works well independently and with others, and above all gets stuff done. You should have a deep dedication to software quality. You're the type that wants to never make the same mistake twice, see a repeat bug, or ship features which don’t meet our high standards. Most likely, you are a strong advocate for usability, code quality, good architecture or something similar. You should be someone who will easily become passionate about our product and its success. You want to understand our business model and our users, then work hard to make our product the best it can be. We’d like you to have some experience working as a full stack engineer on a modern engineering team. More important though is your ability to quickly learn new things, manage your own productivity, and improve yourself and our product every single day. If this is you, we want to meet you. What we offer Competitive salary with 100% company-paid health insurance Flexible work schedule and vacation policy 401k with generous matching Great office in downtown Austin with fully stocked kitchen and optional standing desks Catered team meals We are an equal opportunity employer and do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.