At TMP Worldwide, we ask ourselves important questions to find the big story behind the data. We're a robust team of analysts, problem solvers, learners and idea-churners working to solve complex problems for our clients. The Sr Data Engineer 's role is to bridge the gap between our business and client needs, and the Data Engineers. This includes participation in requirements gathering, analysis, planning, and developing solution. This individual will have a passion for data and experience using tools to interact and analyze it. RESPONSIBILITIES What does a great Sr Data Engineer do? Gathers requirements, analyzes, creates design documents, and performs impact analysis. Partner with senior leaders from product, engineering, and Performance Media Analysts to identify opportunities for improvement and drive decision-making. Transform raw data into meaningful and impactful analysis characterized by strong data governance, technique transparency and aggressive documentation. Builds processes to validate and ensure data integrity. Creates test plans, test cases, test scripts and performs testing of the related environments. Act as an internal consultant to help business users develop, enhance and maintain the metadata layers, reports, report definitions and dashboards. Raise the skill level of entire analyst team through the creation of exemplary work, mentorship and the introduction of better practices, processes and tools. Assist users with problems and resolves issues independently. QUALIFICATIONS Requirements for consideration 3+ years of experience writing queries against traditional relational and dimensional databases. 2+ years of experience building interactive dashboards with Tableau. An in-depth knowledge of data visualization theory and technologies strongly preferred. Demonstrated advanced query development and design using SQL. 2+ years of experience using Microsoft SQL Server or similar technologies 2+ years of Experience working with non-traditional databases including more than one of the following systems: Spark, Hadoop, Cloudera, MongoDB, Teradata, Hive, Azure, Cassandra, etc. a plus. 2+ years of experience with data warehouses, data marts, and OLAP technologies. Experience in Google Cloud Services strongly preferred. Experience with web services integration architectures, including SOAP and REST, a plus Experience with Agile methods a plus Join the global leader in talent acquisition technologies that's committed to finding new ways to leverage software, strategy and creative to enhance our clients' employer brands - across every connection point. We're looking for unconventional thinkers. Relentless collaborators. And ferocious innovators. Talented individuals who are ready to work towards solutions that transform the way employers and job seekers connect. GDMediaAnalytics GDDataAnalytics APPLY