Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Chicago, IL, USA; New York, NY, USA; Sunnyvale, CA, USA; Cambridge, MA, USA; Seattle, WA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google’s global network, web-scale data centers and software infrastructure. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help shape the future of businesses of all sizes use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners. As a Sales Engineer, you will work hand-in-hand with technical Sales teams as a machine learning subject matter expert to differentiate Google Cloud to our customers. You will help prospective customers and partners understand the power of Google Cloud, explaining technical features, helping customers design architectures, and problem-solving any potential roadblocks. You will also have the opportunity to help customers to leverage specialized machine learning (ML) hardware developed by Google, called Tensor Processing Unit (TPU). The TPU is Google’s most advanced ML technology and in this role you will work hand-in-hand with customers and product development to shape the future of the platform. Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life. Responsibilities Work with the team to identify and qualify business opportunities, understand key customer technical objections and develop the strategy to resolve technical blockers. Provide in-depth machine learning expertise to support the technical relationship with Google’s customers, including product and solution briefings, proof-of-concept work, and partner directly with product management to prioritize solutions impacting customer adoption to Google Cloud. Work hands-on with customers to demonstrate and prototype Google Cloud product integrations in customer/partner environments. Recommend integration strategies, enterprise architectures, platforms and application infrastructure required to successfully implement a complete solution using best practices on Google Cloud. Travel to customer sites, conferences, and other related events as required. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Computer Science or Electrical Engineering, or equivalent practical experience. 5 years of experience serving in the capacity of a technical sales engineer in a cloud computing environment or equivalent experience in a customer-facing role (including working as a member of a professional services or systems engineering team). Experience with big data and machine learning frameworks such as Tensorflow, Theano or Caffe, as well as numerical programming frameworks such as Python or MATLAB. Experience presenting and delivering technical pitches. Preferred qualifications: Master's degree in Computer Science or other technical field. Experience in and understanding of data and information management - especially as it relates to big data trends and issues within businesses. Experience with building machine learning solutions and leveraging specific machine learning architectures (e.g. deep learning, LSTM, convolutional networks, etc). Experience architecting and developing software or infrastructure for scalable, distributed systems. Ability to quickly learn, understand, and work with new emerging technologies, methodologies, and solutions in the Cloud/IT technology space. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.