POSITION PURPOSE The Donor Data Analyst reports to the Manager Philanthropy Data Operations and functions as a Subject Matter Expert (SME) for the Trinity Health standard Donor Data Management application (Blackbaud CRM) and associated business processes and business intelligence report writing functions. The Donor Data Analyst is also responsible for conducting application and/or business intelligence reports training with RHM Foundation and Development Office (Fundraising) colleagues. The Donor Data Analyst functions as a liaison between the RHM and vendor of the Donor Data Management application. POSITION PURPOSE The Donor Data Analyst reports to the Manager Philanthropy Data Operations and functions as a Subject Matter Expert (SME) for the Trinity Health standard Donor Data Management application (Blackbaud CRM) and associated business processes and business intelligence report writing functions. The Donor Data Analyst is also responsible for conducting application and/or business intelligence reports training with RHM Foundation and Development Office (Fundraising) colleagues. The Donor Data Analyst functions as a liaison between the RHM and vendor of the Donor Data Management application. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS Knows, understands, incorporates and demonstrates the Trinity Health Mission, Vision and Values in behaviors, practices and decisions. Consults with RHM Colleagues and Project Teams to gather information about application or reporting issues, application training needs and/or new report requests. Gathers business requirements from RHM Colleagues for new business intelligence reporting requests or donor data management application enhancements. Troubleshoots donor data management application issues and works with customer and vendor to provide resolution. Proactively assists users in determining more efficient ways to utilize and interpret fundraising data. Supports the testing of the donor data management application software, business intelligence, reports and associated integration with other Trinity Health applications. Develops testing plan and test scripts needed to test new functionality. Design, Develop, Document, Test and Deploy custom reports, database smart queries, data exports and Key Performance Indicator (KPI) Dashboards within the Donor Data Management application. Knowledge and experience in the following Report Writing Tools is preferred: Microsoft SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), Microsoft Excel, Tableau, Data Warehousing and Online Analytical Processing (OLAP) business intelligence technology. Extensive training in the Donor Data Management Application (Blackbaud CRM or Raiser's Edge), Business Intelligence and Fundraising Operations will be essential to being successful in this role. Assures the adherence to donor data quality standards. Maintains a working knowledge of applicable Federal, State and local laws and regulations, the Trinity Health Integrity and Compliance Program and Code of Conduct, as well as other policies and procedures in order to ensure adherence in a manner that reflects honest, ethical and professional behavior. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS College degree and/or certification in Information Technology, Business Administration, and/or an equivalent combination of educational and work experience is required. 1-3 years of experience with database structures, application support and/or report writing skills required. Fundraising/Donor Data Management application support experience in a Healthcare or Higher Education setting preferred. Knowledge and experience in the following Report Writing Tools is preferred: Microsoft SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), Microsoft Excel, Tableau, Data Warehousing and Online Analytical Processing (OLAP) business intelligence technology. Desire HTML experience to support our online giving components Previous Donor database application support is preferred. Experience in an application support/customer support role is preferred. Blackbaud CRM or Raiser's Edge a plus. Must possess excellent written and verbal communication skills to be able to develop and deliver training to RHM Colleagues and define business requirements. Must be able to operate effectively in a collaborative, shared leadership environment. Must possess a personal presence that is characterized by a sense of honesty, integrity and caring with the ability to inspire and motivate others to promote the philosophy, mission, vision, goals and values of Trinity Health. PHYSICAL AND MENTAL REQUIREMENTS AND WORKING CONDITIONS Must be able to adapt to frequently changing work priorities, and be able to prioritize and balance the requirements of working with the System Office and Regional Health Ministries (RHMs). Must be able to travel to various Trinity Health sites as needed.