The Network Administrator is responsible for maintaining the design and integrity of internal technology systems. This includes user-facing technical assistance, systems maintenance, and general support duties. Main Job Functions Maintains the integrity of network infrastructure including but not limited to desktops, account maintenance, phone systems. Deploy/Maintain Fortigate & Cisco Routing Equipment Deploy/Maintain Desktop & Telephone Hardware Deploy/Maintain Windows 7/8/10 Deploy/Maintain Active Directory Deploy/Maintain Exchange 2013 Deploy/Maintain AD Group Policies Maintain Exchange 2013 Deploy/Maintain VPN Clients Deploy/Maintain End-Point Security Products Deploy/Maintain Various Office Products Deploy/Maintain Workstation Hardware Deploy/Maintain VOIP Software & Equipment Participate in weekly on-call rotation Supervisory Responsibilities None Qualifications Minimum Qualifications Ability to project a professional image. Demonstrates critical thinking skills. Thinks independently, professionally, and ethically. Knowledge of regulatory standards and compliance requirements in addition to departmental policies and procedures. Working knowledge and ability to apply professional standards of practice in job situations. Strong organizational and analytical skills. Ability to multi-task. Proficiency in all versions of Microsoft Windows Knowledge of Microsoft Office 2007/2010/2013 Demonstrated knowledge of Active Directory Familiarity with various end-point security products Demonstrated knowledge of routing/switching Demonstrated knowledge of Microsoft Exchange Must have experience with Citrix XenApp VOIP telephony experience Must have a firm grasp on networking concepts and implementation (LAN/WAN) Maintain appropriate professional composure in high stress situations. Working knowledge of personal computer and software applications used in job functions. Persons who have been found guilty by a court of law of abusing, neglecting, or mistreating individuals in a health care related setting are ineligible for employment in this position. Freedom from illegal use of drugs. Freedom from use of and effects of use of drugs and alcohol in the workplace. Education and/or Experience High school diploma or equivalent Minimum five (5) years experience in a related position. Healthcare setting preferred. Minimum two (2) years of server administration experience required. Five (5) plus years experience supporting desktops in an enterprise environment. Certificates, Licenses, Registrations: Microsoft certification preferred. What We Offer Competitive Salary 401(k) + Employer Match Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance Short and Long Term Disability, Life Insurance Paid Time Off + Paid Holidays Employee Assistance Program _Austin Cancer Center is an Equal Opportunity Employer._