Location: 2727 N Central Ave, Phoenix, Arizona 85004 United States of America . U-Haul International is hiring for a motivated, assertive, and passionate Business Analyst with an MBA. If you enjoy evaluating and analyzing data, creating solutions, working with a diverse group of people and have a good grasp of information technology, a career with U-Haul could be for you. As a business analyst you'll work within the organization, helping to manage change and plan for the future in line with goals set. This could be for one specific project, or as a permanent feature of the organization. You'll need to understand the current organizational situation, identify future needs and create solutions to help meet those needs. You'll need to demonstrate excellent understanding of the way the organization works and the sector it operates in, as you'll be helping the organization to develop its functions, services and products to meet goals with internal and external stakeholders. You'll also play a key role in communicating between internal departments where necessary. Responsibilities: communicate with internal colleagues to understand the needs of departments and the organization as a whole use data modeling practices to analyses your findings and create suggestions for strategic and operational improvements and changes consider opportunities and potential risks attached to suggestions you make identify the processes and information technology required to introduce your recommendations produce written documentation to support your work, report on your findings and to present to stakeholders when necessary support staff and teams in making your recommended changes, including helping to resolve any issues Ensure plans are made and processes are created to evaluate the impact of the changes made, including taking responsibility for overseeing and reporting on this evaluation. Requirements: MBA a must Good written and verbal communication skills Technical writing skills Leadership aptitude Critical thinking and problem-solving proficiency Business case development experience Experience conducting cost/benefit analysis Ability to prioritize requirements and create prototypes and mockups Experience with strategic business process modeling and traceability U-Haul is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants for employment will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable federal, provincial, state or local law. Individual accommodations are available on requests for applicants taking part in all aspects of the selection process. Information obtained during this process will only be shared on a need to know basis.