In January 2018, we launched one of the industry’s largest technical transformation projects, in effect building a new bank from the ground up. We’re using the same technologies that Silicon Valley giants are using: aggressive use of multiple public clouds, building our own private cloud to achieve even better performance, pushing out microservices into what will be one of the largest Kubernetes installations in the world, leveraging immutable storage to process and store hundreds of terabytes of data per day, transforming our industry through application of distributed ledger technology and cognitive computing, aggressively participating in open-source communities that are driving our systems. This isn’t a traditional banking role. This is a chance to push your technical skills with people who are more comfortable in a technology firm than an investment bank, and are solving real problems that affect anyone with any form of savings worldwide. We don’t expect you to wear a suit, we don’t expect you to not be able to tell your friends what you’re working on, we don’t expect you to sit in meetings 5 hours a day. Specifically , the Cloud Team is responsible for architecting, developing , and operati ng a 24/7/365 cloud that will service 1000s of mission - critical applications for the bank. This level of transformation can only be achieved with a complete ground up redesign. New data centers, new physical infrastructure, and new control plane software means you get to learn a lot more th a n just how to architect a cloud. As t he c loud architect , you will work with an senior cloud architect and be responsible for guiding a small team of engineers in the architecture and development of a service. You will also be expected to assist and act as final level of support for your production service s . Minimum 3 years r equired ex perience: Demonstrated programming skills Languages: Java, C/C++, Python Linux / Bash Scripting Minimum 3 years preferred experience: Software development process, change management, and project management Cloud infrastructure development using OpenStack (Nova, Ironic , and Glance) Kubernetes Agile methodolog ies and DevOps CI/CD d evelopment en vironments/ t ools: G it , Maven, Jenkins, GoCD, Ansible, Cobbler, Puppet, Chef, Docker CI/CD p roject m anagement t ools: JIRA, Confluence Relational databases : O racle, PostgreSQL, MySQL, or similar RESTful API de velopment Additional q ualifications: Bachelor ’ s degree in Computer Science or related degree (required) Experience working on an open-source project (preferred) Good English language skills (required) Appreciate the valu e that diversity (in all its forms) brings to our team and company (required)