Careers that Change Lives The Cardiac and Vascular Group brings all of our cardiac and vascular businesses together into one cross-functional, collaborative operating unit to employ the full breadth of our talent, technologies, products, services, and solutions to address the needs of customers and patients across the globe. Cardiac Arrhythmia and Heart Failure (CRHF) offers devices and therapies to treat abnormal heart rhythms, as well as cardiac diagnostic and monitoring solutions. A Day in the Life The Clinical Portfolio Data Analyst ensures the accuracy of the Clinical Research portfolio/program data and provides analysis and reporting services for the Cardiac Arrhythmia and Heart Failure Clinical Portfolio Management Office (PMO) and its stakeholders. In this role, you will work closely with key Clinical Research stakeholders in ensuring program data quality and accuracy. You will produce and analyze weekly, monthly and ad-hoc portfolio and program reports, design and build program dashboards, perform data manipulation, and support application configuration. You will lead portfolio process improvement with data automation and operational efficiencies at the forefront. Build and maintain strong relationships with key stakeholders to ensure the clinical PMO team function delivers an effective service. Providing support in the use of project management tools and techniques, assessing customer business needs and match these needs against technology solutions, and serving on Clinical IT systems governance board are just some of the fun challenges that await. Responsibilities may include the following and other duties may be assigned: Oversees and manages the operational aspects of ongoing projects and serves as liaison between project management and planning, project team, and line management. Manages the development and implementation process of a company's products and services involving departmental or cross-functional teams focused on the delivery of new or existing products. Reviews status of projects and budgets; manages schedules and prepares status reports. Monitors the project from initiation through delivery. Assesses project issues and develops resolutions to meet productivity, quality, and client-satisfaction goals and objectives. Develops mechanisms for monitoring project progress and for intervention and problem solving with project managers, line managers, and clients. Must Have: Minimum Requirements Bachelor’s Degree Minimum of 2 years of working with reports and MS Excel with Bachelor’s degree or minimum 0 years with advanced degree. Nice to Have Experience programming with Tableau, Spotfire, or similar Bachelor’s Degree in a computer science or business-related major Superior Excel skills (able to maintain complex spreadsheets containing large amounts of data; vlookups, Pivot tables, macros and formulas) Understands general program/project management and process improvement methodologies General SQL knowledge, experience writing SQL query code Experience with MS Project and portfolio management tools Experience programming with Python, R, or similar Possess strong attention to detail Demonstrated problem solving skills Excellent written and verbal communication skills Strong business acumen About Medtronic Together, we can change healthcare worldwide. At Medtronic, we push the limits of what technology, therapies and services can do to help alleviate pain, restore health and extend life. We challenge ourselves and each other to make tomorrow better than yesterday. It is what makes this an exciting and rewarding place to be. We want to accelerate and advance our ability to create meaningful innovations - but we will only succeed with the right people on our team. Let’s work together to address universal healthcare needs and improve patients’ lives. Help us shape the future. Physical Job Requirements The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees assigned to this position, but they are not an exhaustive list of all the required responsibilities and skills of this position. The physical demands described within the Day in the Life section of this job description are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to be independently mobile. The employee is also required to interact with a computer and communicate with peers and co-workers. Ability to travel 5% (domestic & international)