NVIDIA is looking for an experienced Technical Developer Communications Manager to join our Developer Programs team. This role involves interacting with a variety of developers, data scientists and researchers worldwide to create highly technical deep learning case stories highlighting the challenging problems and breakthrough results people are accomplishing with our technologies. You will possess a good knowledge of deep learning and understand the software and hardware that developers are using to develop applications across industries, including automotive, healthcare, life sciences, manufacturing, robotics, and smart cities. Do you love diving into a technology and evangelizing success stories to others? Are you passionate about accelerated computing and enabling developers to do their best work? If so, we would like to learn more about you. What you’ll be doing: Identify and develop a diversified portfolio of technical developer case studies Train internal sales and marketing teams on the tools and software our developers are using to create deep learning applications Find creative, fresh ways to bring deep learning developer success stories to life Help build a measurable platform to provide insightful metrics on deep learning What we need to see: Bachelor’s degree in a scientific/technical discipline or communications. 8+ years’ experience developing and delivering powerful, compelling technical communication for internal audiences, developers and customers. Experienced presenting to sales teams, at conferences, in webinars, through blogs and social media. Excellent written and spoken communication, including advanced PowerPoint skills. Experience in technical writing Creative thinker and self-starter, someone who is persistent and inventive Ability to thrive in a large organization and collaborate with peers across business units and functions Strong organizational skills, capable of handling multiple projects at the same time Links to your relevant work, including technical writing Ways to stand out from the crowd: Do you clearly communicate your understanding of the company’s strategy and technology? Do you have measurable results you can share? (metrics, awards, key accomplishments) Do you demonstrate the ability to continually innovate, think strategically and orchestrate many moving parts? Can-do attitude and growth mindset NVIDIA's invention of the GPU in 1999 sparked the growth of the PC gaming market, redefined modern computer graphics, and revolutionized parallel computing. More recently, GPU deep learning ignited modern AI - the next era of computing - with the GPU acting as the brain of computers, robots, and self-driving cars that can perceive and understand the world. What will make this intelligent industrial revolution possible? A new computing model - GPU deep learning - that enables computers to learn from data and write software that is too complex for people to code. We are widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most talented people in the world working with us. If you are agile, independent, and collaborative, we want to hear from you. NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. deeplearning