Job Description: DJO’s Master Data Project Manager is responsible for maintaining accurate and current system parameters in ORACLE and Rapid Response related to Supply Chain. They will be the subject matter expert for all Master data related supply chain issues partnering with Demand Planning and Master scheduling to ensure consistency and accuracy. They will also provide subject matter expertize for Master Data on key supply chain related projects. ORACLE and Rapid Response systems need to be aligned to deliver the best signals to our Supply Chain teams to ensure we meet DJO’s Customer Experience and Cash flow goals. Key job duties Maintain supply chain parameters in ORACLE and Rapid Response for Global Supply Chain. Lead the Master data aspects of Supply Chain projects Develop data audit reports and Root Cause corrective action process to fix errors Assist with supply chain aspects of the New Product creation process, documentation and training for the Master scheduler and Demand Planner Define processes, procedures & policies for data management & support overall supply chain strategies/policies Partner with our AGILE and Document Control teams on data validation and changes to ORACLE. Work with our IT team to stay up to date on system changes and support from a Master Data standpoint Key stakeholders Manufacturing Production control and execution teams Demand Planning Distribution Customer Care R&D/ Engineering Continuity of Supply team (Raw Material purchasing) Marketing International supply chain IT Document Control (QA/RA) Experience / skills required Bachelors Degree in a supply chain / engineering / science / IT or related field At least 5 years experience in Master data roles (Med Devices preferred) Strong Excel capabilities Experience with ORACLE and Rapid Response preferred Able to parse data and make data driven decisions Ability to lead project teams to solve complex data issues Ability to present confidently to all levels of management including senior leaders Six Sigma / LEAN Experience preferred. ABOUT DJO GLOBAL DJO Global is a leading global developer, manufacturer and distributor of high-quality medical devices that provide solutions for musculoskeletal health, vascular health and pain management. Our products address the continuum of patient care from injury prevention to rehabilitation after surgery, injury or from degenerative disease, enabling people to regain or maintain their natural motion. Our products are used by orthopedic specialists, spine surgeons, primary care physicians, pain management specialists, physical therapists, podiatrists, chiropractors, athletic trainers and other healthcare professionals. In addition, many of our medical devices and related accessories are used by athletes and patients for injury prevention and at-home physical therapy treatment. Product lines include rigid and soft orthopedic bracing, hot and cold therapy, bone growth stimulators, vascular therapy systems and compression garments, therapeutic shoes and inserts, electrical stimulators used for pain management and physical therapy products. Our surgical division offers a comprehensive suite of reconstructive joint products for the hip, knee and shoulder. Our products are marketed under a portfolio of brands including Aircast®, Chattanooga, CMF™, Compex®, DonJoy®, ProCare®, Exos™, Dr. Comfort®, DonJoy Performance® and DJO® Surgical. For additional information on the Company, please visit www.DJOglobal.com. DJO is a portfolio company of the Blackstone Group EOE AA M/F/VET/Disability All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, protected veteran status, disability, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local laws.