Wolf Greenfield has an excellent opportunity for enthusiastic candidates interested in working at robust law firm. We currently have an opening for an IP Litigation Administrator. The IP Litigation Administrator provides practice specific support to one or more attorneys and/or technology specialists which requires knowledge in intellectual property (patent, trademark, or litigation). The IP Litigation Administrator’s responsibilities include: preparing legal documents associated with assigned practice area; reviewing practitioner’s docket, maintaining files, and data integrity; interacting with clients and related personnel; serving as a liaison between practitioner and internal team members or departments; and performing other duties as necessary. The ideal candidate would have experience or a strong interest in supporting a litigation practice, ability to adhere to deadlines while multi- tasking and thrives in a high-pressure environment. RESPONSIBILITIES: Assist assigned practitioners with various aspects of their dockets. Prepare and file documents with various federal and state courts and agencies as applicable to assigned practice area. Independently prepare legal documents, reports, and correspondence associated with assigned practice area for practitioners and/or clients. Oversee and maintain the integrity of electronic data relating to litigation in accordance with firm policy and procedure. Organize and maintain paper and electronic files relating to clients’ intellectual property or litigation in accordance with firm policy and procedure. Review incoming correspondence including paper and electronic mail, facsimiles, docketed information, or client instructions and take necessary action. Utilize a range of software applications including Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, , Elite Enterprise (billing and records database), DeskSite (document management system), and other practice- or firm- specific applications. Interact with clients via telephone, electronic mail, and facsimile as necessary. Coordinate with colleagues and/or departments to ensure completion of assigned tasks and other requests. Research and retrieve information for the completion of assigned tasks utilizing practice specific resources. Such resources include PACER, DocketNavigator, court websites, etc. Perform general administrative duties or tasks as required and additional responsibilities as needed. May guide, mentor, or be a resource for other practice administrators to enhance overall productivity of firm. Adhere to established work schedule, but with the flexibility required to respond to workload demands. QUALIFICATIONS: Expertise in supporting a litigation practice. Bachelor’s degree or minimum of two years of work experience in the field of intellectual property, or equivalent combination of education and work experience Comprehensive understanding of assigned intellectual property area (patent, trademark, or litigation). Strong grasp of the complexities of intellectual property business relationships (i.e., clients, co-owners, assignees, licensees, foreign associates, other counsel, employment agreements, etc.). Ability to effectively prioritize in a high pressure environment. Flexibility and capacity to respond calmly, efficiently, and effectively in stressful situations. Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to work effectively with a wide range of constituencies in a diverse community. Exceptional oral and written communication skills. Excellent organizational skills with meticulous attention to accuracy and detail. Strong critical thinking, interpretive, and problem solving skills. Ability to independently create, compose, and edit written materials. Ability to independently gather data, compile information, and prepare reports. Ability to continuously focus on client and customer service. Ability to maintain confidentiality of matters and information. Punctual and reliable. Highly proficient in MS Outlook, Word, and Excel as well as basic computer and database management skills. To apply for this position, please click here.