A mutually rewarding experience. Work. Realize your ambitions. And realize there’s more to being in business than just making a profit. That’s the Mars philosophy. And the opportunity we offer every one of our Associates. An opportunity to take what you do and make it mean more for you, for those around you and for the planet. What you get here is challenging, interesting work. You get the tools you need to do a great job and you get to have the best possible people on your side to help you do it. And at the same time as getting to find ways to do business better today than we did it yesterday and driving a great career, you also get to build a more enlightened business and drive sustainability. Because it’s never just about a single person, a single project or a single brand. It’s about how you can grab everything that’s within your reach here and use it to pursue mutual, long-term gain. It’s about having ideas. And ideals. Being prepared to risk failure because the promise of success means we’ll all be a little better off. It’s that mix of integrity and ambition that makes Mars such a special place to work. And why working here is always about more than just a job. ‘Mars has net sales of more than $33 billion, operates five business segments including Pet care, Mars Wrigley Confectionary, Food, Drinks, Symbioscience, and more than 75,000 Associates worldwide that are putting its Principles into action to make a difference for people and the planet through its performance. Mars brands include: Petcare – PEDIGREE®, ROYAL CANIN®, WHISKAS®, BANFIELD® Pet Hospital, CESAR®, SHEBA®, DREAMIES® and NUTRO®; Confectionary – M&M’S®, SNICKERS®, DOVE®, GALAXY®, MARS®, MILKY WAY®, TWIX®, DOUBLEMINT®, EXTRA®, ORBIT® and 5™ chewing gums, SKITTLES® and STARBURST® candies, and ALTOIDS® AND LIFESAVERS® mints. Food – UNCLE BEN’S®, DOLMIO®, EBLY®, MASTERFOODS®, SEEDS OF CHANGE® and ROYCO®; Drinks – ALTERRA COFFEE ROASTERS™, THE BRIGHT TEA COMPANY™, KLIX® and FLAVIA®; Symbioscience – COCOAVIA® and WISDOM PANEL®.’ Mars Wrigley Confectionary is looking for a Global Quality & Food Safety Audit Manager based in Chicago, IL. _Candidate must have a proven record of leading & developing a global team. _ The Global Quality & Food Safety Audit Manager will support the drive to sustained compliance to mandated Quality and Food Safety (Q&FS) standards across all Mars Wrigley Confectionery units. In this role, this is achieved through ensuring a robust and credible audit and verification program is in place across the segment. The job holder leads the standardization, deployment and operation of the audit program and supports the 2nd party Quality Management Processes (QMP) audit process, operated by Lloyd's Register Quality Assurance (LRQA), for Mars Wrigley Confectionery. The role holder will partner with the corporate audit program manager to ensure program consistency, sustainability and continuous improvement in all levels of the audit hierarchy. People Management Responsibility: Remote line management of 6 regionally based lead auditors Indirect management of approximately 20 part-time, external (3rd party) audit resources. Key Responsibilities: Responsible for the deployment and operation of the technical audit program in Mars Wrigley Confectionery: Recruits, trains and retains auditors of the right caliber. Ensures calibration of auditors (Across regions and with Corporate standards owners) Ensures appropriate and timely escalations for deviations and follow through on corrective actions. Ensures technical audit program delivers to time and budget. Is responsible for analysis of audit data, determining root causes of deviations from compliance and input to the segment quality strategy. Responsible for the governance of both the 2nd party audit and Compliance 1 programs for Mars Wrigley Confectionery through all levels of the business, (Segment, Business Units, Manufacturing Sites and Market Units) across all geographies. Is the lead interface in the segment for the 2nd party Mars Incorporated global QMP audit program (operated by LRQA, an external partner): Verifies and reports QMP compliance, technical audit trend and the meeting of program requirements through the 2nd party global Q&FS audit program up to the Quality and R&D Leadership Teams Ensures that the program is credible by supporting calibration events in collaboration with the corporate audit program manager, and Leads and codifies the process and requirements of excellence in order to develop increased internal equity, through communication, recognition and valuing excellence in QMP compliance. Ensures that the technical audit, 2nd party audit and Compliance 1 program requirements are deployed robustly via the Quality Leadership Team and Regional Quality Heads of Mars Wrigley Confectionery, including the facilitation of appeal hearings and the management of concessions where needed. Provides segment expertise in audit and verification and leads continuous improvement in capability in this area. May also lead or participate in other projects within the global quality area, e.g. standard development, training development, etc. Will govern concessions in the segment to Mars Q&FS requirements and act as a first level of review for escalations made during technical audits and 2nd party Q&FS audits. Will make decisions on the adequacy of the 2nd party audit program, identifying required program corrective actions and documenting program non-conformances as needed. Directly accountable for the budget of the technical audit program and overseeing the audit group of approximately 26 auditors covering all Mars Wrigley Confectionery Site, Business Unit, Market Unit and Segment levels. Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in food safety science, chemistry, biology or related degree 7 years’ experience working in an operational Q&FS environment The candidate must have a proven record of leading the development of the QMP and a good understanding of the global Q&FS standards The candidate must have a demonstrable record of successful project team leadership, ability to motivate and engage superiors, peers and the entire global quality community Demonstrated success leading and managing a global & remote team Lead auditor certification for FSSC22000/ISO9001 Understanding of metrics, statistics and reporting methods to interrogate audit output data and effective communication techniques to communicate the audit results & compliance reports to stakeholders Strong knowledge of quality management and the organizational layers of a food manufacturing business, (i.e. business units, manufacturing sites, market units, etc.) as well as their interaction and governance expectations Ability to travel 25-30% globally for trainings & team meetings Successful Completion of a drug and background screen Preferred Qualifications: Advanced Degree 8+ years’ experience working in an operational Q&FS environment Company paid relocation is available for this role. Mars is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. If you need assistance or an accommodation during the application process because of a disability, it is available upon request. The company is pleased to provide such assistance, and no applicant will be penalized as a result of such a request.