Hennepin County Public Safety is seeking a SQL Server Database Administrator/Developer to assist with high profile projects supporting the Sheriff's Office. The unit has 18 staff members and is responsible for many critical 24x7 systems, which support the safety and security of the citizens of Hennepin County. High availability information and communications systems are critical to supporting the Public Safety mission. This position will assist with creation and maintenance of multiple existing and future Microsoft SQL Server database infrastructures, spanning multiple Public Safety systems, often interacting with agencies at the local, state, and federal levels. These range in size and complexity from small unit-specific to county-wide. This position requires an experienced SQL Server Administrator/Developer to help develop and support these important efforts. _This position is eligible to receive an additional cash merit of up to $2,287.00 that can be earned annually based on performance._ The Hennepin County Sheriff's Office is dedicated to public safety and service as guardians in the community through leadership, integrity, and strong partnerships. By providing employees the opportunity to gain development and experience to advance further in the department, we assist with Hennepin County's commitment to enhancing the health, safety and quality of life of our communities. Employees receive a combination of generous benefits and positive workplace culture not found at other organizations. This includes meaningful work, competitive pay, real work-life balance, generous benefits and opportunities to grow. We want our employees to succeed-not only at work, but as they move through life and its milestones. Learn more at https://www.hennepin.us/employees . Your future. Made here. The primary duties and responsibilities of the positions include: Microsoft SQL Server Administration for versions 2008-2016 Implement and maintain local standards and best practices Research, recommend, and implement performance improvements Maintenance and development of SSIS solutions Implement and maintain fail-over clustering, always-on and high-availability SQL solutions Have a working knowledge of SSRS Powershell knowledge for enhancements of current processes SQL Server Development Analyze database schemas and develop solutions or enhancements that do not compromise vendor service agreements Design, implement and maintain SQL objects (stored procedures, queries, views, tables, etc.) for business driven needs Use existing methods and solutions to solve issues or debug solutions Documentation of the current database components Best Qualified Candidates will have: One of the following: Bachelor's degree or higher in computer science, management information systems (MIS) and/ or related field and two years or more at a technical IT level position Associate's degree in related field (or approved certification in an Information Technology program) and four years or more of at a technical IT level position An approved equivalent combination of IT education and technical IT level position experience to equal at least six years Experience with one or more of the following: Database management for Microsoft SQL Server for high availability Maintenance and development of SSIS solutions Designing, implementing and maintain SQL objects Candidates must have a right to work in the U.S. that is not based solely on possession of a student visa or a visa sponsored by an employer. Invitations to interview will be based upon an assessment of education and experience. Final candidates will be required to complete a background check.