Job Description Provide system administration support functions consisting predominantly of Cloud and on premise Microsoft, Active Directory, VMware, HyperV, and Citrix systems. This includes planning, analysis, troubleshooting, integration, installation, configuration, operations, and maintenance of operating system on servers. Apply in-depth knowledge of system administration functions and work on and/or lead complex assignments or projects. Job Duties and Responsibilities: Maintain all infrastructure and platforms used to deliver services to our user community which includes public cloud and hybrid cloud technology. Maintain appropriate patch levels for all software, operating systems and firmware to ensure optimum performance and security compliance Assist in the design and implementation of technical architecture that improves performance, user experience and satisfies objectives in terms of secure access from anywhere via any platform and improves business continuity. Utilize best practices and known procedures, develop scope, execution plans, test scripts, and risk management mitigation plans for all systems/technology updates or implementations. Research, recommend and implement changes to new and existing technology required to meet the current and future needs of the company Lead the review and selection of new technology ensuring that business objectives and user requirements are met while also ensuring desired systems are compatible with the Allan Myers technology architecture and related system. Lead the implementation of new technology including process mapping, project planning, enterprise architecture, testing, training and deployment. Evaluate new product releases for impact and benefit to business processes, develop upgrade and or migration plans, and perform approved upgrades, configuration changes or migrations. Monitor system performance, user issues and reported problems. Troubleshoot these and resolve in a way that improves system stability and/or eliminates reoccurring problems. Provide direct user support and education on best practices related to support requests that are escalated or that come directly to you. Implement and maintain proper information and system security as well as perform security audits to confirm policy and best practices are in place. Mentor and coach System Analysts and System Administrators to assist them in their growth and development within their role and in preparation for their next role. Take a lead role in transforming DFA from hosting and on premise solutions to pure cloud IaaS, PaaS, and SaaS environment Partner with third-party SaaS providers and third-party development partners on integration, including security and Security Assertion Markup Language (SAML) Lead the rollout of various virtualization technologies and multi-tenant, private, and hybrid cloud environments Set direction for performing daily system monitoring to include verifying the integrity and availability of all hardware, server resources, systems, and key processes; reviewing system and application logs; and verifying completion of scheduled jobs, such as backups Lead the installation and configuration of systems, such as Active Directory, DFS, and File and Print services Lead in the development and maintenance of installation and configuration procedures Provide guidance for maintaining system standards Drive ideas for automating and orchestrating infrastructure tasks Lead in the design and management of Active directory including Organizational Unit (OU), Group, and User related tasks Participate in technical research and development to enable continuing innovation within the infrastructure Perform periodic performance reporting to support capacity planning Perform ongoing performance tuning, hardware upgrades, and resource optimization as required. Configure CPU, memory, and disk partitions as required Take a lead role in the installation and support of cloud infrastructure (e.g., Azure, AWS) Qualifications Required Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in Business or Information Technology, Computer Science, Engineering, Finance or related field or equivalent work experience. A Minimum of 10 years related experience required. Strong technical proficiency to manage, monitor and maintain: Cloud data center architecture in both AWS and Azure. Highly effective use of Office365 collaboration and communication tools and functionality as they exist today as well as they evolve. Distributed network leveraging Ethernet, Broadband and Cellular tied back to a hosted core network. Client and application deployments. High performing technology. Strong support structure of internal and external resources to ensure our user population service needs are met timely and effectively. Information & system security including leveraging effective identity and access management tools as well as cloud access controls and monitoring. Cloud Services architecture, design and configuration. Network architecture, design and configuration Office 365 administration and management including Exchange and outlook management. Meraki, Cisco FortiGATE Windows Server 2012-2016, Redhat Enterprise Linux 7, Windows 10 Active Directory design and configuration including Azure AD & ADFS. PowerShell management and administration Server, computer and mobile device management tools Enterprise backup and recovery process Data management and retention PaaS, IaaS, and SaaS based solutions Overview Allan Myers is seeking a highly-qualified candidate to join our dynamic and growing Information Technology team as an IT Systems Administrator. As the largest heavy civil construction company and materials provider in the Mid- Atlantic, Allan Myers has seven regional offices and 15 asphalt and aggregate plants. With a workforce of more than 2,000 hard working men and women, and our own extensive fleet of vehicles and equipment, there is no job that we can not tackle. The markets we serve include: design-build, site development, transportation, water, asphalt and aggregate production. The IT division is driven by a passion for innovation and technology and plays an important role in the success and growth of the company. INDHP