Analog Devices (NASDAQ: ADI) designs and manufactures semiconductor products and solutions. We enable our customers to interpret the world around us by intelligently bridging the physical and digital worlds with unmatched technologies that sense, measure and connect. Data Architect, Analytics & Customer Insights The Analytics & Customer Insights team at Analog Devices (ADI) is looking for a skilled data architect to lead on the design and implementation of our new data infrastructure in order to enable key analytics initiatives and accelerate time to revenue. You will oversee the data infrastructure and data integration of ADI’s digital intelligence and design the data models to enable our analytics programs and achieve profitable revenue growth. You will also set the process and standards of data collection, storage, usage, and ETL in collaboration with IT, analysts, and program managers. Responsibilities Understand business requirements. Design and control the data flow to meet business requirements. Set data architecture principles, create models of data that enable the implementation of the intended business architecture Bringing data fragments into the database from different sources across the company. Develop data map and data dictionary to help users to leverage and interpret the data. Mentor data engineers in design and development of complex ETL Support digital data architecture and strategy and tagging implementation on both external and internal websites. Develop training plans and documents, and provide trainings on web analytics tools, processes, and standards to different audiences and user groups. Collaborate with IT to plan and execute the implementation of a data mart to integrate data from different online/offline sources and channels for data mining Qualifications Experience integrating third party APIs & Web services and solid programming background. Strong Data Modeling experience. The candidate must have end to end experience in at least two big data warehouse projects. Experience with data modeling tools like Power designer, ERWIN, etc Experience working with relational or OLAP database: Oracle, SQL Server, DB2 etc Scripting/Programming skills – Python, Java, Scala, Go, etc. Knowledge and experience with ETL tools: Informatica, MSBI (SSIS), Datastage, SAP Data Integrator, etc. Familiarity with No SQL databases (i.e. MongoDB, Hadoop, Hive Spark, etc.), data streaming and integrating unstructured data will be plus. Familiar with Qlikview data models. 1+ years of experience in working with and developing datasets for Qlikview developers preferred. Experience Architecting Big Data platforms using Apache Hadoop, Cloudera, Hortonworks and MapR distributions will be plus Experienced in Hadoop Ecosystem e.g. Data lifecycle, governance, tools, various type of data access e.g. Batch, Script, SQL, stream, in-mem etc, security and operations. MapReduce, HBase, Hive, Impala, Oozie, Zookeeper will be plus Experience designing and architecting data solution in AWS, Azure or Google Cloud will be plus Experience with statistic software and programming language, such as SAS and R will be plus. Eagerness to learn new tools and technologies Experience working in a team of programmers as data scientists Strong communication skills. _For positions requiring access to technical data, Analog Devices, Inc. may have to obtain export licensing approval from the U.S. Department of Commerce - Bureau of Industry and Security and/or the U.S. Department of State - Directorate of Defense Trade Controls. As such, applicants for this position – except US Citizens, US Permanent Residents, and protected individuals as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3) – may have to go through an export licensing review process._ Analog Devices, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Females/Vet/Disability