MV Transportation is seeking a Customer Service Manager to ensure that all passenger complaints are investigated and resolved in a timely manner, supply service information to all interested parties, be thoroughly familiar with Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), maintain database of customer compliments/complaints, and to provide positive and professional support to all employees so as maximize professionalism, enhance customer service, improve on-time performance, ensure safety and exceed client expectations. Job Responsibilities: Communicate on a regular basis with client staff to ensure customer service efforts meet the demands of the client. Oversee the accurate documentation by customer service representatives of any information received from customers in the customer service software provided. Identify and expedite customer complaints that require immediate attention and escalate situations as needed to client agency. Respond to individual customer/passenger concerns in a timely and positive manner that includes investigation and follow-up by phone, email, or mail. Possess expertise in using the Trapeze system, and other technology tools supporting the customer service function. Manage proper reporting and correspondence for "no show", "no pay" and "high cancel" clients. Maintain database or log of customer complaints/compliments that can readily identify trends that may require additional training or management consideration. Serve as an expert to manage the team's ability to clearly, accurately and respectfully respond to customer questions regarding all policies, procedures including the fare system. Develop and implement internal Customer Service campaigns and incentive programs. If directed by client, establish relationships with key consumer agencies to facilitate direct communication and feedback as well as proactive customer focus. Talent Requirements: High School diploma, college degree preferred. Must have a minimum of three (3) years' experience in customer service environment. Excellent speaking, writing, and organization skills. Ability to communicate effectively at all levels. General knowledge of windows-based computer operating systems. Knowledge of service area. Process all customer complaints to include investigation, validity determination and timely response as described in Customer Service policy. Assist in identifying validity of the liquidated damages through investigation. Assist Risk Management with investigations of accidents/incidents. Ensure all reconciliations are completed timely and accurately each month. Promote positive customer service techniques, programs throughout the organization. Make six (6) new community contacts per year. Conduct transit education classes/seminars six (6) times per year. MV Transportation is committed to as policy of Equal Employment Opportunity and will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin or ancestry, sex, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state or local laws, regulations or ordinances. The information collected by this application is solely to determine suitability for employment, verify identity and maintain employment statistics on applicants. Where permissible under applicable state and local law, applicants may be subject to a pre-employment drug test and background check after receiving a conditional offer of employment.