Support the Portfolio Management team by providing essential portfolio management duties such as credit research, portfolio and market analyses, and the generation of value added recommendations. Analyze investment opportunities and make recommendations on corporate bonds and various other securities for portfolio inclusion. Provide fundamental research analysis on investment grade corporate issuers including financial statement analysis, bond indentures, etc. Assist with research and analysis of the U.S. Treasuries including yield curve analysis, inflation expectations, etc. Compose full credit write-ups for existing and new portfolio holdings and maintain a research database. Undertake ongoing critical monitoring of portfolio positions, including changes in views using published company and industry information. Determine, monitor, pledge and release the type/amount/location/availability of collateral which needs to be transferred in order to meet statutory and FHLBI compliance. Responsible for portfolio administrative duties such as trade and account settlement issues, discrepancies/disputes, and management of Special Order Payment Order charges. Act as liaison between investment accounting and portfolio management; transfer securities and cash between internal accounts. Maintain and monitor Blackrock Aladdin system for accuracy of positions and portfolio characteristics. Work with internal and external auditors and custodian banks on security pricing issues. Other duties may be assigned. Qualifications EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE Bachelor's Degree in Finance or related field is required. MBA preferred. Four (4) years Investment/Treasury experience. CFA designation or progress towards CFA preferred. OTHER SKILLS AND ABILITIES Strong knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite applications (i.e. Excel, Word, PowerPoint, etc). Excellent analytical, written and verbal communication skills. Good knowledge of economy, investment markets, security attributes, accounting applications and ability to utilize Bloomberg software. Other related skills and/or abilities may be required to perform this job. DEPARTMENT REQUIREMENTS Must have an expertise in the creation and modification of PowerPoint presentations for senior portfolio management staff. Must have excellent attention to detail, and ability to operate effectively with minimal direct, ongoing supervision. _All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to, among other grounds, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, gender identity, protected veteran status or status as an individual with a disability._ Job Finance Treasury & Accounting Primary Location Detroit Organization Treasurer-1111 Schedule Full-time