Everi (www.everi.com) is a leading supplier of technology solutions for the casino gaming industry. Our Company provides casino operators with a diverse portfolio of products including innovative gaming machines that power the casino floor, and casino operational & management systems that include comprehensive, end-to-end payments solutions, critical intelligence offerings, and gaming operations efficiency technology. Everi’s mission is to be a transformative force for casino operations by facilitating memorable player experiences, delivering reliable protection and security, and striving for customer satisfaction and operational excellence. We are proud to be the gaming industry’s single source provider of payments, games, and intelligence solutions that _power the casino floor_. FOLLOW US : Twitter \- @everi_inc / @EveriTalent Instagram \- everi_inc / EveriTalent YouTube - Everi Holdings Inc LinkedIn \- www.linkedin.com/company/everi Facebook - www.facebook.com/EveriTalent Why Everi? Leader in Gaming Technology Innovation (GTI) Opportunities for growth and advancement in a broad, diverse company setting Employee-led social events and gaming groups Competitive compensation, benefits & PTO This position is located in our Austin location. Please note this is not an IT Help Desk role. Position Overview: Responsible for second line troubleshooting problems with systems, platforms, servers, circuits, and networking equipment using Splunk and Orion Solar Winds. Customarily and regularly provides level II technical support to all customers via trouble tickets, telephone, and email. Customarily and regularly assists and troubleshoots connectivity issues for internal and external customers (MPLS, DSL, 3G/4G, Satellite, POTS). Performs second line troubleshooting for Cisco routers, firewalls, switches, and Barracuda load balancers. Actively investigates and resolves intermediate computer software and hardware problems for users and issues trouble ticket reporting on all other problems. Actively assists with telephone calls and trouble tickets from casino employees, customers, and vendors. Interfaces with support teams and development staff to research problems and find solutions. Actively communicates with hardware and software development teams explaining software errors and follows up with internal and external customers in a timely manner. Responsible for second line troubleshooting of system and network anomalies. Utilizes customer feedback to make improvement suggestions on products and services for better service delivery. Multitasks while attending to varied customer needs and utilizes customer feedback identifying opportunities to continuously improve the customers experience and drive efficiency in the delivery of unrivaled customer care. Actively assists in coaching and training Support Operations Level I personnel on technical and product support issues. Performs other related duties as assigned. Job Knowledge / Minimum Work Experience/Education: 3-5 years of experience in a technical support environment with intermediate networking, PC and products knowledge. Basic server and SQL knowledge desired. Computer / Technical Skills: Advanced proficiency in Microsoft Office applications and Windows operating systems. Intermediate networking skills. Intermediate knowledge of configuration of Cisco routers, firewalls, switches, and Barracuda load balancers. Intermediate PC, peripherals and software/application troubleshooting skills. High school diploma or GED required. Technical certificate preferred. Associates degree in IT strongly preferred. Everi is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants and employees will be afforded equal employment opportunities without discrimination because of race, creed, color, national origin, sex, age, disability, marital status, or any other characteristic or class protected by federal, state, or local law. For All External Staffing Agencies Everi does not accept agency submittals. Please do not forward resumes to our Executive team, Management team, or any current Everi employee for review without proper approval. Everi is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.