Berkadia, a joint venture of Berkshire Hathaway and Jefferies Financial Group, is a leader in the commercial real estate industry, offering a robust suite of services to our multifamily and commercial property clients. Powered by deep relationships and industry-changing technology, our people sell, finance, and service commercial real estate, providing support for the entire life cycle of our clients’ assets. Our unique ownership structure allows us to put the client’s interests first and creates a marketplace that delivers a superior experience. Our people are our greatest strength and make Berkadia a great place to work, creating an environment of trust, mutual respect, innovation and collaboration. We invest in our people through our commitment to training, product development and enhancements in technology making Berkadia a truly innovative and supportive organization. The Opportunity The candidate will join the Data Science team as a data wrangler/engineer, analyzing, cleansing, and transforming data as needed to produce normalized and enriched data sets. Research, analyze, and interpret data Leverage a variety of tools (SQL, R, Python, Excel, etc.) to prepare data sets for usage, pulling from multiple data sources with varying level of quality and complexity. Extensive data manipulation often required Run ad hoc analyses and answer specific day to day questions or support larger initiatives Develop and maintain high quality, recurring dashboards and reports for internal and external stakeholders Understand and evaluate existing SQL scripts and data models Work closely with product owners and business stakeholders to become a source data expert Develop standards and best practices for data analysis and normalization What is required for this role Bachelor’s degree in mathematics or computer science, or equivalent professional work experience Minimum 3 years of experience working in a Data Analysis role Advanced SQL development skills Strong data wrangling skills (data cleansing, transformation, and aggregation) Strong data visualization and report development skills Proficiency with Microsoft products including Excel, Access and Word Experience with BI tools (Tableau, Cognos, SSRS, etc.) a plus Strong understanding of database design and structure What the Analyst will need to be successful in this role Robust problem solving and analytical skills Excellent communication and time management skills Highly organized with a strong attention to detail Ability to work closely with a team in a collaborative and agile development process Desire to learn new technologies and business concepts Basic understanding of data science and ability to support multiple data scientists. Berkadia Commercial Mortgage is an equal opportunity employer and affords equal opportunity to all applicants and employees for all positions without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status or any other status protected under local, state or federal laws.