Roles What you should know about the role The Business and Reporting Analyst is responsible for generating reports and data extracts from all Credit Union databases. The Data Analyst should be a motivated and organized individual with substantial experience working with large databases, preferably within the financial institution industry. What you should know about Advia Advia is a fast growing Credit Union that is positioned in the top 3% of credit unions across the United States with nearly 2 billion in assets. We offer very similar product and services as the big banks with a focus on saving our members money while providing financial advantages. We are rooted in our communities and believe we have a responsibility to give back outside of our four branch walls through volunteering and charitable donations. The work environment at Advia is fast-paced, performance based and fun infused. We certainly live by the saying “work hard, play hard.” As an employee of Advia, you can expect regular and constructive feedback, development opportunities, great benefits, excellent co-workers and engaged managers. As a Business and Reporting Analyst, you will have opportunities to: Self-manage your own work-flow and day-to-day tasks Be a part of a collaborative team and/or work independently on researching and reporting needs Utilize problem solving skills to find solutions Major Duties Generate reports for tracking trends and patterns Extract data from Credit Union relational databases and formulate into business intelligence reports. Validate data against existing benchmarks to ensure data accuracy. Work with Credit Union management to assess data reporting needs. Maintain and upgrade existing reports as new Credit Union loan and deposit products are created. Pro-actively anticipate data information including Credit Union financial metrics that will be of assistance to decision making management. Generate data extracts for use in system conversions and upgrades. Must comply with applicable laws and regulations, including but not limited to, the Bank Secrecy Act, the Patriot Act, and the Office of Foreign Assets Control. Physical Requirements Is able to bend, sit, and stand in order to perform primarily sedentary work with limited physical exertion and occasional lifting of up to 10 lbs. Must be capable of climbing / descending stairs in an emergency situation. Must be able to operate routine office equipment including computer terminals and keyboards, telephones, copiers, facsimiles, and calculators. Must be able to routinely perform work on computer for an average of 6-8 hours per day, when necessary. Must be able to work extended hours or travel off site whenever required or requested by management. Must be capable of regular, reliable and timely attendance. Working Conditions Must be able to routinely perform work indoors in climate-controlled private office with minimal noise. Mental and/or Emotional Requirements Must be able to perform job functions independently or with limited supervision and work effectively either on own or as part of a team. Must be able to read and carry out various written instructions and follow oral instructions. Must be able to complete basic mathematical calculations, spell accurately, and understand computer basics. Must be able to speak clearly and deliver information in a logical and understandable sequence. Must be capable of dealing calmly and professionally with numerous different personalities from diverse cultures at various levels within and outside of the organization and demonstrate highest levels of customer service and discretion when dealing with the public. Must be able to perform responsibilities with composure under the stress of deadlines / requirements for extreme accuracy and quality and/or fast pace. Must be able to effectively handle multiple, simultaneous, and changing priorities. Must be capable of exercising highest level of discretion on both internal and external confidential matters. Acknowledgement Nothing in this position description restricts management’s right to assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. This job description is not a contract and should not be construed as a guarantee of employment for any specific period of time. Skills & Experience Experience Three years to five years of similar or related experience, including preparatory experience. Education/Certifications/Licenses A college degree. Interpersonal Skills A significant level of trust, credibility and diplomacy is required. In-depth dialogues, conversations and explanations with customers, direct and indirect reports and outside vendors can be of a sensitive and/or highly confidential nature. Communications may involve motivating, influencing, educating and/or advising others on matters of significance. Other Skills Knowledge of accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, basic characteristics of financial assets and liabilities, and basic statistical analysis. Ability to work standard personal computers (including peripheral equipment), ten-key calculator, typing 30-40 words per minute, view a computer terminal for varying periods of time, and to learn and retain the proper use of office equipment, including facsimile machines and photocopies. Must be able to work with various PC software.