As an integral part of KTG's Operations team, the Senior System Administrator (SSA) will work intimately with mission-critical proprietary trading and analytics systems. This includes both the Client trading and analytics application and the server side applications. The SSA will work closely with traders, developers and product managers in addition to other trading room support and system administration people. Principal duties will include: Level-1 and level-2 production end-user support for trading and analytics system. Answer support calls and assist users Perform daily system monitoring, verifying the integrity and availability of all hardware, server resources, systems and key processes, reviewing system and application logs, and verifying completion of scheduled jobs such as backups. Install, configure, maintain and repair computer related hardware – desktops, laptops, monitors, network printers, local printers, copier/fax/scanner units and other IT equipment Install, configure, maintain operating system and application software on desktops, laptops, and other user devices Deployment activities - Deploy new software to traders workstations and servers as needed. Will also be responsible for testing the software after the rollout. Maintain Servers - Monitor, perform routine maintenance, install service packs, install new server apps, ensure systems are secure, available, and restorable Monitoring - Monitoring status and functionality of systems and investigating, identifying, and resolving user and application problems in a timely manner. Facilities – Changing printer cartridges, troubleshooting fax machine/printer problems, managing facilities upgrades or problems (A/C, cable, PA system, etc….) Security – Maintain Network and System security. Perform regular security monitoring to identify any possible intrusions Stays current with technological developments in systems administration technology and recommends ways for KTG to take advantage of new technology. Research new technology, and implement it or recommend its implementation. We are seeking an individual with the following qualifications: Ability to wrk well and troubleshoot quickly in a fast-paced, time-critical environment Hyper-V implementation and support experience • San implementation and support Experience Active Directory/LDAP user and group administration Proficient with Windows 7/10/2012 server and Linux Working knowledge of a LAN, WAN, TCPIP, and client/server systems Experience deploying and managing Cisco Networks Able to work flexible Hours. Provide after-hours support for Infrastructure related emergencies as well occasional weekend maintenance Primary work hours will be 8:00 - 5:00 CST. Physical demands related to the position include: Lifting and moving PCs, Monitors, Printers, UPS, other computer-related equipment.