Ursa Space Systems is building ground-breaking solutions to deliver global economic intelligence to organizations around the world. Ursa is seeking a Data Science Engineer to join our team to uncover value in our data. You will assist our product development and sales teams to generate useful analyses directly using our data products, as well as helping us make smarter decisions in delivering our products. Primary focus will be working to make our data process more efficient, using statistical modeling techniques to help marketing and analysis, helping development of new products, and manage delivery of data products once created. Responsibilities Statistical analysis to develop use cases to promote customer interest (e.g., for the financial industry) Cleansing and improving the data used for analysis Working with third-party sources to enhance Ursa’s data product lines Data mining using state-of-the-art techniques Designing and building machine learning-based methods to improve Ursa’s image processing algorithms and data workflow Creating, managing, and delivering new data products including coordination of data inputs from internal team and suppliers. Qualifications Minimum Qualifications: Knowledge of data science related languages and toolkits, such as R, Python, MatLab Ability to use query languages and work with relational (i.e. MySQL) or NoSQL databases (i.e. MongoDB, Cassandra, etc.) Applied statistics, such as multiple regression, distribution analysis, hypothesis testing. Strong scripting and programming skills, including knowledge of Java, MatLab, JavaScript, R, Python, etc. Knowledge and experience in statistical and data mining techniques: GLM/Regression, Random Forest, Boosting, Trees, text mining, social network analysis, etc. Experience analyzing data from 3rd party providers. Strong communication skills and ability to coordinate with a team of peers. Possess effective time management proficiency in-order to meet tight deadlines and project milestones. Preferred Qualifications: Experience visualizing/presenting data for stakeholders using: Periscope, Business Objects, D3, ggplot, Tableau, etc. Understanding of machine learning techniques, such as Naïve Bayes, SVM, kNN, etc. Strong problem solving skills with an emphasis on product development. Demonstrated understanding of financial and energy markets. US Persons Only – US Citizen or Permanent Resident