Data is central to Twitch’s decision-making process. The Data Analysts at Twitch are a critical component our data-driven decision-making. As an analyst, you will be working closely on the ground floor with your team to crafting the way product performance is measured, defining what questions should be asked, and defining analytics methods and tools to support the growing business. For this role, we are looking for a data analyst to join the VOD (Video-on- Demand) team within the Consumer Experience organization. The Consumer Experience organization’s mission is to enable Twitch creators to make a living entertaining and educating their fans. In a typical week or month, you will be responsible for data instrumentation, dashboard/report building, metrics reviews, and ad hoc analysis. Responsibilities Evangelize data knowledge and insights: lead communications with your team leads and other teams, collaborate with both technical and non-technical colleagues to complete data projects and ensure all parties can use the insights to further improve. Maintain a customer-centric focus: strive to be a domain and product authority through data, develop trust amongst your peers and leaders, and ensure that your team has access to data to make decisions. Able to prioritize and execute in ambiguous scenarios work with stakeholders and mentors to distill the problem, adapt your tools to answer complicated questions, and identify the trade-offs between speed and quality of different approaches. Build analytical frameworks to measure team success: partner with cross-functional teams to define success metrics, craft approaches to track the data and identify errors, quantify and evaluate the data, then develop a common language for all colleagues to understand these critical metrics. Operationalize data processes - provide the team with ad-hoc analysis, automated dashboards, and self-service reporting tools so that everyone gets a good sense of the state of the business Requirements At minimum 2+ years of industry experience in a data role of a relevant field Exceptional SQL skills. Your ability to tap into our data pipeline will be the key to your success Data Fluency - You can use data to help someone understand their business performance Analytical Toolkit - You can use different methods to analyze results, including time series analysis, experimental analysis, and data visualization Bonus Points Technical background and programming experience Statistics knowledge and hypothesis/significance testing experience A/B testing experience Passion about online communities, games, and Twitch Perks Medical, Dental, Vision & Disability Insurance 401(k) Maternity & Parental Leave Flexible PTO Commuter Benefits Amazon Employee Discount Monthly Contribution & Discounts for Wellness Related Activities & Programs (e.g., gym memberships, off-site massages, etc.) Breakfast, Lunch & Dinner Served Daily Free Snacks & Beverages Twitch is the world’s leading video platform and community for gamers, with more than 100 million visitors per month. We connect gamers from around the world by allowing them to broadcast, watch, and chat with each other. Twitch’s live and on-demand video platform forms the backbone of a distribution network for video game broadcasters including pro players, tournaments, leagues, developers and gaming media organizations. Twitch is leading a revolution in gaming culture, turning gameplay into an immersive video experience. Learn more at: http://twitch.tv _We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Twitch. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records_ _._