Auto Warehousing Company is committed to maintaining its position as North America’s leader in finished vehicles logistics, handling over 5,000,000 automobiles annually. Our 60-year old private company is operated like family, with some of the finest associates in the nation on our team! We value our culture, and we treat others as they want to be treated! Are you a Microsoft Excel guru? Do you enjoy managing and analyzing data and numbers from multiple systems? We need you on our team! This highly interactive and important position acts as a liaison between our Finance, Operations, and Information Technology departments, overseeing millions of dollars in revenues. We are hiring a full time Business (Revenue) Analyst for our Regional Office in Dearborn Michigan. AWC offers a family atmosphere, a top notch benefits package including Medical/Dental/Vision & 401K options and the ability for growth within the company. For immediate consideration- Apply Today! Critical functions include: Monitoring and resolving customer’s rejections of electronic invoices. Participating as an active member to enhance our proprietary systems along with internal procedures and processes. Training and leading operational administrators on the use of reporting systems and inventory databases Creating adhoc reports and queries from a variety of systems Presenting results from each analysis to a variety of management levels within the organization Working with customers from the Big 3 auto manufacturers to gather information requirements Minimum Requirements: 3-5 years’ experience in operations or data analyst related positions, with demonstrated professional growth and development Strong proficiency with Microsoft Excel Experience working with sophisticated database systems Strong aptitude in logic, reasoning, problem solving and attention to detail. Periodic travel within the US and Canada is required Ability to multi-task and work independently. Self-starter and team player. Excellent communications skills and customer service-oriented focus. Communicate with co-workers, management, vendors, and others in a courteous and professional manner. _Auto Warehousing Company, including its subsidiaries, is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, gender, age, veteran status, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status or disability (in compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act) with respect to employment opportunities._