IT ADMINISTRATOR I (Job Number: 180001D0) Building a career at Granite may be the most valuable thing you could do... Are you interested in the opportunity to work for an industry-leading company that will give you the experience and exposure you need to build your career and personal brand? If so, then you’ve come to the right place! Since 1922, Granite Construction has continued its long standing commitment to building some of America’s largest infrastructure projects including highways, bridges, dams, rail, and power. Recognized as one of the top 25 largest construction companies in the U.S., Granite specializes in complex infrastructure projects and provides award-winning construction services in mining, earthwork, water/sewer, power, tunneling, rail, highway and bridge construction. Granite also produces construction materials-sand, gravel, ready-mix, recycled asphalt product and asphalt concrete, and is a proven leader in alternative procurement project delivery. General Summary This position is responsible for providing ongoing local network support for the local business unit including the main office, plants, satellite offices, and job site locations to ensure workforce efficiency and productivity. Depending on location assist in the management, supervision or provides direct guidance and direction to IT staff. Manage the activities associated with providing technical services to internal customers by identifying, prioritizing, and confirming resolution of reported problems with desktop, laptop, and networked systems. Ensure that all phases of desktop support, including installations, upgrades, software, hardware, operating systems, and operating system configuration issues, are properly coordinated, monitored, tracked, and resolved. Supports and maintains effective relationships with end users, local business management, and Corporate IT Staff. Develops information technology projects and provides strategic management and objectives for the business unit. Follows standard operating procedures and customer service guidelines relating to IT support. Selects, develops, and evaluates personnel to ensure the efficient operation of IT functions. Essential Job Accountabilities 1\. Resolve local network and communication issues to maintain operational readiness. 2\. Maintain and support local Cisco VoIP telephones and related equipment. 3\. Assist in the maintenance of the local Active Directory OU, installation and configuration of local network applications, servers, file shares, network services and associated objects in accordance with company policies and procedures. 4\. Assist in the development and maintenance of business unit IT documentation to enable consistent standards and operating procedures. 5\. Assist in the testing of the local Disaster Recovery and Business Continuity plans to ensure minimal downtime in the event of a disaster. 6\. Assist in coordinating the acquisition, installation, configuration, and maintenance of IT equipment in compliance with corporate standards. 7\. Assist in the maintenance of hardware inventory, licensing and asset rotation consistent with company policies and procedures. 8\. Assist with the design, installation, requirement gathering, and maintenance of IT resources for acquisitions, large projects and joint ventures to ensure compliance with corporate standards. 9\. Support business applications to ensure compliance with corporate standards. 10\. Assist Business Unit management in determining future IT needs at the location, enterprise initiatives, budgets, forecasts, licensing and asset rotation to ensure profitability and alignment with Company goals and objectives. 11\. Maintain open communication with Group IT Manager and local Business Manager to ensure effective problem resolution and establishment of priorities. 12\. Assist in the supervision of the job performance of business unit or region IT employees and/or consultants including exercising discretion in evaluating job performance and determining appropriate corrective action, analyze work flow, establish priorities, and delegate tasks in order to meet deadlines At Granite, our employees are our most valued asset and we are passionate about retaining, developing, and recruiting the best talent available. Our employees reflect our core values: Honesty, Integrity, Fairness, Accountability, Consideration of Others, Pursuit of Excellence, Reliability Safety and Citizenship and we are continuously looking for individuals who possess a winning attitude and share our Core Values. In exchange, we help you build a career that no other company can duplicate. You will be part of a learning culture, where teamwork and collaboration are encouraged, excellence is rewarded, and diversity is respected and valued. Add our award winning safety program, ethics, reputation, and a commitment to continuous improvement and you’ll see that we are building more than infrastructure—together, we are building your future. About Granite Construction Incorporated Granite Construction Incorporated is a member of the S &P 400 Index and is the parent company of Granite Construction Company, one of the nation's largest heavy civil contractors and construction materials producers. Granite Construction is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer of Minorities, Females, Protected Veterans, Individuals with Disabilities and a Drug-Free Workplace. For additional information on applicant/employee rights please click here. Education Associates degree or equivalent combination of training, experience and certifications. CompTIA A+. Microsoft Certified Professional preferred. CompTIA Network+ preferred. Work Experience Minimum 4 years relevant experience in network and PC support for a multi-site business environment. 0 to 1 year experience supervising or managing IT personnel. Familiarity with cost accounting, budgeting, and forecasting. Knowledge, skills, and abilities Uses professional concepts; applies company policies and procedures to resolve a variety of issues. Works on problems of moderate to advanced scope where analysis of situations or data requires a review of a variety of factors. Exercises judgment within defined procedures and practices to determine appropriate action. Normally receives minimal instruction on routine work, General instruction on new projects or assignments. Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Windows XP Professional. Working knowledge of Microsoft Windows 2003 Server and Microsoft Active Directory. Working knowledge of the Microsoft Office Suite. Working knowledge of HP servers, workstations, and storage products. Basic knowledge of Cisco Internetworking products. Basic knowledge of Cisco Unified Communications. Working knowledge of HP servers, workstations, and storage products. Ability to convey technical concepts and ideas to non-technical personnel. Excellent organizational skills. Excellent customer service and interpersonal skills Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Physical Demands The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to talk and hear. The employee frequently is required to stand, walk, sit and use hands to operate a computer keyboard. The employee is occasionally required to reach with hands and arms. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 50 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, and ability to adjust focus. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions Additional Requirements/Skills Ability to abide by Granite’s Code of Conduct on a daily basis. Commitment to conduct Business unit IT operations in a manner consistent with Corporate IT policies, procedures and standards. Practical knowledge of standard business practices. Ability to work with minimum daily supervision. Ability to work both collaboratively as a team player and independently as required. Demonstrate a high degree of patience with an ability to work with all levels of management and staff. Ability to learn new technologies and systems quickly. Demonstrate strong time management skills and consistent follow through. Ability to prioritize workload, especially under pressure. Travel to plants, satellite offices and job sites may be frequent with some extended daily and weekend hours required. This job description reflects essential functions of this position. It does not restrict management’s right to reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time. Notice to Staffing Agencies Granite Construction, Inc. and its subsidiaries ("Granite") will not accept unsolicited resumes from any source other than directly from a candidate. Any unsolicited resumes sent to Granite, including unsolicited resumes sent to a Granite mailing address, fax machine or email address, directly to Granite employees, or to Granite's resume database will be considered Granite property. Granite will NOT pay a fee for any placement resulting from the receipt of an unsolicited resume. Granite will consider any candidate for whom an Agency has submitted an unsolicited resume to have been referred by the Agency free of any charges or fees. Agencies must obtain advance written approval from Granite's recruiting function to submit resumes, and then only in conjunction with a valid fully-executed contract for service and in response to a specific job opening. Granite will not pay a fee to any Agency that does not have such agreement in place. Agency agreements will only be valid if in writing and signed by Granite's Human Resources Representative or his/ her designee. No other Granite employee is authorized to bind Granite to any agreement regarding the placement of candidates by Agencies. Area of Interest Information Technology Primary Location US-CA-Santa Clara Schedule Full-time