GENERAL SUMMARY To provide a wide variety of highly responsible and complex clerical and secretarial duties; to provide professional, effective and efficient public service assistance to the general public, elected officials, and City personnel; and to provide highly responsible secretarial support to division heads and other upper level administrative staff. _You can search for this position's full job description_ _here_ _._ SUPERVISION General supervision is provided by various supervisors. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES All behaviors comply with the Code of Conduct and Rules of Behavior outlined in Chapter 8 of the General Government Policies and Procedures Manual. Provide clerical and secretarial support to assist designated upper level administrative and other support staff in the completion of their duties and responsibilities. Compose, prepare and review a variety of memorandums, correspondence, reports, public notices and documents as assigned; complete various forms; prepare and distribute reports for review and use; prepare and maintain a variety of forms used by an assigned department or division; photocopy reports and other documents as necessary. Answer questions and provide information to the public; receive and respond to citizen and client complaints and questions and/or refer to appropriate department staff member for resolution. Prepare and maintain a variety of files and filing systems; prepare, maintain and update various records; verify information as requested. Prepare materials and correspondence for distribution within the City and to other related external businesses and governmental agencies; photocopy, mail or fax materials as necessary. Screen and direct calls and visitors as appropriate; schedule travel arrangements, reservations, daily operations or meetings as assigned. May prepare payment vouchers for contractor/vendor reimbursement; prepare contracts requesting services and supplies; track and monitor procurement actions. Order and maintain office supplies and associated materials. Enter data into the computer system; backup computer disks as assigned. When assigned to Public Services, maintain accident history database, serve as CityWorks administrator for the Traffic and Street Lighting Division; input and manage data; generate management reports. MINIMUM JOB REQUIREMENTS EDUCATION High School Diploma or GED. EXPERIENCE Two years of progressively responsible secretarial and clerical experience. Ability to type 35 wpm. LICENSES AND CERTIFICATES Possession of a valid driver's license. Obtain a valid Notary Public Certification from the State of Texas within 5 working days of employment with the City of Mesquite. Failure to obtain certification will result in nondisciplinary termination. WORK SCHEDULE Monday-Friday, 8:00 a.m.-5:00 p.m., with some evenings and weekends as needed. Additional testing required only if interviewed Excel, Word and Customer Service PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS/WORK ENVIRONMENT This position does not require a physical for employment.