We are looking for a candidate to join our small IT team as part of the applications group, with an eye towards being part of the team for the long term. The right candidate will find a home in our team with opportunities for growth, diverse experience, and rewards for years to come. The ideal candidate must have the ability to be a quick starter, good communicator, able to work in a small team setting, interact with all levels of the business team, and work with minimal oversight. With the size of the team and the breadth of our responsibilities, they must be willing and able to pick up new skills and knowledge, and dig into applications and technologies to help support our users, as well as continue to develop their skills and knowledge as we move our technical stack forward. We are looking for an analyst looking for the challenge and variety of performing the full breadth of analyst duties, from working with the business on process development and requirements gathering, through working with the development teams to design, test and deliver, including opportunities for leading projects, to providing application support. Presence and communication are important, as this role will have direct contact with all levels of business users, both in support of applications, and in discovery and delivery. As a department, we place a high value on happy users. To that end we are hands on, with the application team spending a portion of our time directly supporting users. We are a manufacturing environment and focused on stability and product delivery. While planning to modernize our technical stack and move forward, we’re seeking candidates with a pragmatic approach. We have several major modernization projects on the horizon and numerous smaller opportunities for this candidate to contribute to the direction of the team, our processes, designs, and applications. Required Skills/Experience Candidates not meeting these requirements will not be considered. _Technical_ 5+ years Business Analysis experience on business applications Bachelor’s degree Experience working in an application development team Experience in eliciting, organizing and communicating requirements Experience testing Basic knowledge in generating process documentation Experience in analyzing data to draw business-relevant conclusions Experience supporting production applications Solid experience in writing SQL queries Strong written and verbal communication skills including technical writing skills _Business/Soft Skills_ Good communications skills, both written and verbal Ability to work with minimal supervision Ability to take on projects as primary Proven experience working with business users Collaborating with team members Other Skills/Experience Experience/knowledge in these areas will be considered in weighing candidates. Manufacturing company processes Mid-sized company processes Experience across multiple functional areas’ processes _Other_ Dynamics AX or other ERP/financial system Experience with UI design Experience with data visualization techniques and tools Data analysis Development experience Company Overview Having grown to above a 45 share, Daisy Sour Cream is the Nation’s number one brand with distribution in all 50 states. Additionally, Daisy is the largest brand in food service, military, and club and is recognized by consumers for “A Dollop of Daisy”, a tagline that put this once small brand on the map. Daisy’s core values are Clean and Trust, which are woven into everything we do. In 2008, the company was given the impressive American Business Ethics award, awarded by Foundation for Financial Service Professionals. While maintaining a strong culture of curious and innovative problem-solvers, Daisy Brand tripled employment over the last 15 years. The future looks bright with the opening of its third facility to further strengthen the foundation for growth. _Daisy Brand offers company paid options for employee medical and dental plans; 401(k) with employer match and profit sharing contributions; company paid life insurance, short term disability and long term disability; and, a generous time off schedule. Daisy Brand is a nicotine-free company. Daisy Brand is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Veterans and disabled are encouraged to apply._