Plan, organize, direct and control, and lead assigned functional area and ensure its alignment with business objectives. Operate within broad objectives to ensure optimum utilization of capital, staffing and equipment. Oversee the development of corporate standards, technology architecture, technology evaluation and transfer. Manage the delivery of one or more IT service required supporting the IT strategy. Contribute to the development of an IT strategy. Provide clarity on objectives, scope and organizational change management. Provide input to business technology planning. Manage IT technology solutions to ensure successful fulfillment of end-user requirements, proper and accurate testing and sound implementation. Deliver solutions consistent within current context of overall architecture. Maintain and control budget, schedule and resources. Meet regularly with team to gather work statuses. Participate in an advisory board/governance committee (e.g., change management, architecture, data quality) to manage IT services demand. Provide input into demand management process and executes on plan. Ensure compliance with enterprise technology standards, governance processes, and performance metrics to ensure IT delivers value to the enterprise. Ensure adherence to policies, procedures, and standards. Plan, evaluate, and improve the efficiency of business processes and procedures to enhance speed, quality, efficiency, and output. Measure service performance. Identify opportunities for process improvements and then implement. Support the user community in system and process matters/issues. Ensure efficient customer service to internal clients and external vendors. Forecast and manage technology costs by providing input into annual budget planning and provides for consolidation. Manage budget and take appropriate steps to stay within budget. Discuss work progress and obstacles. Provide advice, guidance, encouragement and constructive feedback. Ensure work, information, ideas, and technology flow freely across teams. Establish measurable individual and team objectives that are aligned with business and organizational goals. Document and present performance assessments. Recognize and reward associates commensurate with performance. Partner with direct reports to establish a career development plan that is aligned to achievement of performance and career goals. Implement organizational talent management processes, policies and procedures (e.g., staffing, EEO, diversity, performance management, career development, reward and recognition, and retention.) Provide input to the identification and development of potential future leaders. Identify the roles, skills and knowledge required to achieve organization goals. Forecast staffing requirements (e.g., headcount, skills). Ensure staff has the resources and skills needed to support all work initiatives. Participate in IT workforce deployment activities. Advocate the need for change. Act as a change agent to implement and manage best practices within area of responsibility. Execute change through frequent, communication to staff and clients about the change and the impact of the change (individual and business). Consistently advocates for the change. Coach staff through the change. Identify and remove obstacles to change. Generate appropriate communication, process and educational plans for mitigating the disruption of change. Approve vendor contracts within budget authority. Review vendor contracts for alignment with desired results. Provide advice to the vendor relationship decision-making and contract development processes. Identifies and confirms performance problems and notifies Contract Managers. Anticipate and analyze trends in technology while assessing the emerging technologies impacts. Plan, organize, direct and control, and lead assigned functional area and ensure its alignment with business objectives. Operate within broad objectives to ensure optimum utilization of capital, staffing and equipment. Oversee the development of corporate standards, technology architecture, technology evaluation and transfer. Other duties may be assigned. Qualifications EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE Bachelor's degree in related field required. Seven (7) years of relevant IT and business/industry work experience required. Experience in supervising and building relationships with people at all levels required. DEPARTMENTAL PREFERENCES Strong client technology strategist who is comfortable establishing technical roadmaps, identifying key strategic capabilities, and leading implementations. Ability to naturally shift from technical in-depth conversations with technical team to higher level conversations with leadership and customers. Demonstrated experience driving transformative change in an IT Engineering organization (technically and procedurally). In-depth experience with hosting virtual desktops (VDI), configuring and maintain client operating systems and hardware, and packaging, testing, and deploying client applications. Experience delivering modern, cloud oriented Microsoft capabilities (Office 365, Windows 10, cloud hosted virtual desktops). Experience managing large enterprise agreements, contracts, statements of work (SOWs), and tracking license compliance Extensive experience and working knowledge relative to Microsoft client technologies such as Windows 7/10, Office 2016, Office 365, Group Policy Extensive experience and working knowledge relative to Microsoft client technologies such as SCCM, Windows 7/10, Office 2016, Office 365, Group Policy Experience enabling and supporting Apple Mac and iOS capabilities in a Microsoft centric environment Experience managing HP Print solutions Experience managing Citrix XenApp, Citrix XenDesktop, VMware Horizon, and VMware App Volumes OTHER SKILLS AND ABILITIES Decision making, critical and strategic thinking skills ability to achieve or exceed planned outcomes. Must possess a combination of business, technical and leadership skills and competencies understanding of client's business needs, processes and functions Solid knowledge of IT infrastructure, architecture, application development and support, networks, and computer operations Written and verbal communication skills and the ability to influence others. Demonstrated ability to launch and deliver a single IT project on time and within budget. Ability to work with a variety of individuals and groups in a collaborative manner. Other related skills and/or abilities may be required to perform this job. _All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to, among other grounds, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, gender identity, protected veteran status or status as an individual with a disability._ Job Information Technology Primary Location Detroit Organization Production Office-7113 Schedule Full-time