Applicants who are strongly being considered for employment must submit to a national criminal history background check. Performs advanced and/or managerial database administration work. Work involves coordinating the planning, development, maintenance, and monitoring of integrated database systems; evaluating and reviewing database policies and procedures; and maintaining data integrity. May supervise the work of others. Works under minimal supervision with considerable latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment. Additional Military Crosswalk (occupational specialty code) information can be accessed at: http://www.hr.sao.state.tx.us/Compensation/JobDescriptions.aspx . Essential Job Functions: Oversees and performs the design, development, tuning and maintenance of databases including structures, behaviors, performance, security, and recovery for Microsoft SQL Server database environments. Ensures that data integrity and data security is maintained. Monitors database performance and implements efficiency improvements. Identifies and resolves database issues and problems. Provides technical assistance for development of complex SQL, functions, stored procedures and triggers. Performs data migration activities as needed . Plans for future data needs ensuring that needed capacity is available. Plans and coordinates data management software installations and upgrades. Creates and maintains SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) packages. Develops and maintains standards and procedures for security, backup/recovery, database usage and performance/tuning. Provides leadership in working with applications, technical support and operations during the design, development and implementation of applications. Evaluates and recommends system and database management software and support tools. Provides support for other RDBMS systems as needed. Participates in the Disaster Recovery process as required. Maintains current knowledge and expertise in database technology. Performs on-call or scheduled after hours work as required. Performs other related duties as assigned. Attends work regularly in accordance with agency leave and attendance policies. Complies with all applicable agency policies and procedures, including safety and standards of conduct. Minimum Qualifications: Education: Graduation from an accredited four year college or university with major course work in computer science, management information systems, or a related discipline. Experience: Five (5) years experience in database administration to include a minimum of four (4) years of experience in SQL Server database administration including SQL Server 2012, 2014 and/or 2016. Hands on experience in database design, backup and recovery, data refreshes, performance analysis, configuration and maintenance of database systems. Experience with Transparent Data Encryption, T-SQL (Transact SQL) and SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS). Preferred Experience: PowerShell automation and SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS); Oracle, Db2 for Linux, Unix, Windows or Sybase database administration; and working with larger datasets, and related technologies: including table partitioning, multiple file groups, in-memory OLTP. Substitution: Each additional year of related experience above the required minimum may substitute for education on a year-for-year basis. Travel: 5% required. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities (KSAs): Knowledge of: Principals, practices and techniques of database design and development, database structures and theories and current database technologies. Skill in: Administration of SQL Server database environment including design and maintenance of SQL Server databases; creating and tuning complex SQL, stored procedures, views, and triggers; monitoring and analyzing database performance; implementing database security standards; analyzing SQL access plans and indexing; capacity assessment and planning; creating and maintaining SSIS packages. Ability to: Clearly communicate complex concepts, both verbally and in writing, to audiences with a wide range of backgrounds, experiences and expertise; devise solutions to problems; manage and coordinate multiple activities in different projects; design and administer database structures; work with software vendors, outsourced system staff and application developers to provide database support; work within a team as well as independently to meet goals and deadlines. Note: An in-box exercise may be administered at time of interview. Supplemental Information: This job description is not an employment agreement or contract. Management has the exclusive right to alter this job description at any time without notice. Salary is dependent on qualifications. Positions exempt from the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA) will earn compensatory time off rather than overtime for hours in excess of 40 per week. May be required to work hours other than 8 to 5. May be required to work weekends and holidays. In accordance with applicable federal and state equal opportunity laws, it is TEA's policy that no person shall be excluded from consideration for recruitment, selection, appointment, training, promotion, retention or any other personnel action, or be denied any benefits or participation in any educational programs or activities which it operates on the grounds of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, disability, age or veteran status (except where age, sex, or disability constitutes a bona fide occupational qualification necessary to proper and efficient administration). The Immigration Reform and Control Act requires all new employees to present proof of identity and eligibility to work in the United States. TEA does not sponsor H1-B work visas. Males, 18 to 25 years of age, are required to present proof of selective service registration (or exemption) prior to being employed by any state agency. There is a 60-day waiting period for health insurance coverage. This position requires the applicant to meet Agency standards and criteria which may include passing a pre-employment criminal background check, prior to being offered employment by the Agency. Please note, TEA does not accept resumes. An internal applicant who is selected for a position in their current salary group that has the same state title is not eligible for a salary increase. An internal applicant who is selected for a position in their current salary group with a new state title may receive an increase up to 3.4%. The Texas Education Agency uses E-Verify to confirm the employment eligibility of all newly hired employees. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit www.dhs.gov/E-Verify.