NRG is the leading integrated power company in the U.S., built on the strength of our diverse competitive electric generation portfolio and leading retail electricity platform. A Fortune 500 company, NRG creates value through best- in-class operations, reliable and efficient electric generation, and a retail platform serving residential and commercial businesses. Working with electricity customers large and small, we implement sustainable solutions for producing and managing energy, developing smarter energy choices and delivering exceptional service as our retail electricity providers serve almost three million residential and commercial customers throughout the country. More information is available at www.nrg.com. Connect with NRG Energy on Facebook and follow us on Twitter @nrgenergy. Responsibilities: Participate in the implementation of technical solutions for Plant Operations. Coordinate to identify, prioritize, and manage Zephyr projects and technology tasks. Contribute to project planning efforts including project definition, project justification/NPV, proposals, success criteria, risks/issues, requirements definition, technical design, testing procedures and documentation, system documentation, user training, and production delivery while coordinating and communicating with business resources. Implement system enhancements and new systems through the project life cycle insuring appropriate documentation and processes to ensure compliance. Manage projects for delivery of systems and applications to support Plant Operations and integration of Plant systems into Business Operations systems Install, implement, support and enhance systems and applications related to Solar and Wind farm SCADA systems and Integration of plant systems into Renewables Operations Energy Management and Business Intelligence Systems and NERC-CIP compliance. Install, implement, support and enhance systems and applications related to Solar and Wind farm IT/OT networks including routers, switches and firewalls, servers and desktops. Consult with business and IT partners to strategize, plan and implement needed projects within designated time and budget constraints. Proactively recognize and document business process gaps, propose and implement improvements. Extensive knowledge of interfaces, integrations and process flows. Coordinate with vendors to ensure projects are implemented to standards for new implementations and for upgrading or enhancing existing projects. Effectively communicate project and technology delivery expectations to cross-functional team members and stakeholders in a timely and clear fashion. Ensure quality of projects with appropriate Quality Assurance methodologies. Maintain appropriate status reports, meeting minutes, and follow-up with business partners and technical resources. Reviews deliverables before delivery to the business for production support. Ensures project and technology documents are complete, current, and stored appropriately. Qualifications: Understanding of IT methodologies, processes, and project management 4-year technical degree in information technology or equivalent experience (minimum 5 years) 5+ years of plant systems design, development, testing and deployment experience. 2+ years’ experience in developing and managing small to large projects through project life cycle working directly with cross-functional teams. 5+ years’ experience with installation, configuration and support of power generation plant substation relays, data concentrators, power plant controllers and OEM SCADA systems is required. 3+ years’ experience with array technologies such as operating systems, security, networking, programming, etc. 3+ years’ experience with installing, configuring, troubleshooting and supporting Cisco network routers, switches and firewalls is required. 2+ years’ experience with installation, configuration, programming, troubleshooting and support of SEL 3555 RTAC, SEL 3355, Orion LX or other data concentrator and power plant controller equipment and software is required. 3+ years’ experience with configuration and troubleshooting of communication protocols like DNP3, MODBUS and OPC is required. Experience with OSI Soft PI, Energy Management Systems and Meter Data Management System is preferred. Experience with creating clear documentation and technical drawings is required. Understanding and experience with Energy Markets, Independent System Operators (ISO) and Transmission Operators is preferred. Understanding and experience with NERC CIP controls and how the control environment impacts both the business and IT processes and systems. Excellent verbal and written communication/presentation skills with a strong focus on customer interaction, customer service, and presentation. A motivated self-starter with capability to operate on their own with little direction and/or monitoring along with an enterprise vision – ability to see big picture and relate to corporate strategy Capability to help deliver quality business solutions within restricted timelines while appropriately communicating/escalating risks, issues, or constraints as necessary to business and/or IT management. Ability to elicit cooperation from a wide variety of sources, including upper management, business partners, and other departments. Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment is crucial. Ability to read communication styles of team members, business partners, and contractors who come from a broad spectrum of disciplines and change delivery of communication accordingly. Ability to travel across the U.S. requiring up to 35% travel. Ability to lift plant IT equipment as required for installation. NRG Energy is committed to a drug and alcohol free workplace. To the extent permitted by law and any applicable collective bargaining agreement, employees are subject to periodic random drug testing, and post-accident and reasonable suspicion drug and alcohol testing. EOE AA M/F/Protected Veteran Status/Disability EEO is the Law Poster (The poster can be found at http://www.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/poster_screen_reader_optimized.pdf) Level, Title and/or Salary may be adjusted based on the applicant's experience or skills. Official description on file with Human Resources