Experience Studio is part of Google Technical Services and is a team of Designers, Producers, Engineers, and business thinkers whose mission is to inspire Google’s customers through the creation of interactive spaces and exhibits. Our job is to design and deliver engaging physical experiences that tell Google’s story, make Google’s magic more apparent, and communicate Google’s unique ability to grow customers’ businesses into the digital age and shepherd their brands into the future. As a Technical Integration Producer, you will play a key role in improving the quality and velocity of technical integration and technical support work across the team. You will ensure that technical integration commitments for Experience Studio portfolio are met within schedule and on budget, while driving the most optimal use of resources. In addition, you will ensure that Experience Centers deliver the highest quality experience to visitors by managing onsite technical support and escalations. Google Technical Services is a global support and operations team, with a mission to delight our customers with care so good, it’s got to be Google. Our team is the face of Google to most of our customers, and we want their Google support experience to set new standards, just like Google’s products do. Our team cares for customers by solving problems and scaling solutions, incubating new Google products, and sharing user feedback with internal teams to influence product development. We support a wide variety of products, from Ads to Project Fi and just about everything in between, and our customers include advertisers, consumers, partners, publishers, retailers, and our own Sales Googlers. Responsibilities Partner with Technical Integration, Software Engineering, Experience Design and Operations teams to define and manage resource allocation and project roadmaps for design and delivery of hardware platforms, immersive physical installations and ongoing technology support and maintenance across the portfolio. Provide leadership in program-level project planning and facilitate work prioritization and resource allocation across the portfolio of technical integration projects. Proactively identify opportunities for improvements, and help set context for the team to guide decisions. Manage relationships with vendors providing technical integration and ongoing maintenance and support. Define contract terms, including scope of work and SLAs, oversee ongoing service and hardware delivery and serve as operational and technical escalation point for the engagements. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Technical Production, Production Management or technical field, or equivalent work experience. 2 years of experience in project and process management within theme parks, museum exhibits, retail environments, the performing arts, or a similar environment. Experience with leading cross-functional teams and new products. Preferred qualifications: Familiarity with software development project management tools or processes. Demonstrated ability to define, implement, and improve standard, scalable, measurable, and repeatable workflows and processes for platform, installation and operations projects across cross-functional teams. Ability to manage a portfolio of projects for a product, service, or team. Ability to proactively identify milestone interdependencies across different workstreams and projects and ensure feasibility of all project timelines and deliverables. Comfortable talking about technical topics with business people and business topics with technical people. Ability to express complex concepts in plain language to reach broader audiences. A passion for organization of complex processes and diverse teams to ensure successful delivery of multiple projects. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.