Description: Providence is calling a Master Data Systems Specialist Principal – PSJH to Providence Health & Services in one of the following locations: Renton WA, Seattle WA, Portland OR, Beaverton OR, Anaheim CA We are seeking a Master Data Systems Specialist Principal – PSJH to serve as the most senior Subject Matter Expert (SME) for data domains of Enterprise Master Data Management and Reference Data. This includes integrating Enterprise Golden Records, Source of Truth, Hierarchies, Data standards and mappings into one or more PSJH solutions within and external to Healthcare Intelligence to reduce and avoid silos resulting in simplified data flow for efficient enterprise solutions. Master Data Systems Specialist Principal will partner both at the department and functional levels, including data stewards, to ensure alignment of master data rules and the operations of the application meet all requirements. This role also mentors other Specialist in variety of Master Data domains and Reference Data. In this position you will have the following responsibilities: Serves as a consultant and leader in collaboration with Data Owners, business and IT stakeholders, Data Stewards, Master Data Systems Architects, and Contractors to determine system business standards, rules, access solutions, and data quality indicators. Define implementation Master Data Management for core data assets including but not limited to Patient, Provider, Payor, and Supply Chain domains Interfacing with end user work groups to understand requirements, and helping to define, develop and implement MDM standard operating procedures within targeted business and data domains Set standards on System level Master Data Management Strategy, Implemention Plans, and Project Phases in collaboration with Master Data Systems Architects Support development of ongoing Master Data and Reference Data Governance & Administration for analytical needs Provide inputs and recommendations to multiple ongoing system level projects including risk management for data management application selections, data source identification, and data source development strategies Develop operational processes, tools, and delivery channels to audit and improve system Master Data and Reference Data Qualifications: Required qualifications for this position include: Master’s Degree in Data Management, MIS, Business Administration, and/or other data-related or healthcare related fields Or equivalent educ/experience. 10 years healthcare data management related disciplines 10 years data analysis, data integration, application integration, report development, or project management skills 8 years software/system development lifecycles 7 years Enterprise Data Warehouse and/or Master Data Management (MDM) - functional and/or technical experiences 2 years MDM tools including but not limited to Siperian/Informatica MDM, IBM Initiate/MDM, Maestro MDS 2 years Understanding of master data management, 360-degree view of data, and golden record concepts 1 year Data profiling using packaged software a plus (Trillium, Informatica DQ Analyst, IBM QualityStage, SAS DataFlux, etc) Deep understanding of meta data sources, master data management practices/technology and how it supports business process, results and data lifecycle. Strong knowledge with master data management tools, data analysis, development of business requirements and reviews, quality assurance and user acceptance testing in rapid sprint cycles. Provides expert-level knowledge of data definitions, data relationships, business rules, data flows, data usage, and data quality indicators. Facilitates improved enterprise understanding of the data. Ability to identify system constraints or gaps in routine business requirements, and effectively communicate issues/risks. Exhibits good listening and strong communication skills. Able to communicate effectively with Data Stewards, stakeholders, project team members and Data Arhitects by providing a concise and balanced perspective. Successful experience working in a leadership capacity with virtual teams. Advanced analytical skills to analyze, define and maintain quality master data. Experience with successful organizational skills including prioritization and time management. Preferred qualifications for this position include: Experience with report development and data visualization tools (especially Tableau and SSRS) Project mgmt professional Credentialing provider spec Epic certification Health info mgmt system prof About the department you will serve. Providence Strategic and Management Services provides a variety of functional and system support services for all eight regions of Providence Health & Services from Alaska to California. We are focused on supporting our Mission by delivering a robust foundation of services and sharing of specialized expertise. We offer a full comprehensive range of benefits - see our website for details http://www.providenceiscalling.jobs/rewards-benefits/ Our Mission As expressions of God’s healing love, witnessed through the ministry of Jesus, we are steadfast in serving all, especially those who are poor and vulnerable. About Us Providence Health & Services is a not-for-profit Catholic network of hospitals, care centers, health plans, physicians, clinics, home health care and services guided by a Mission of caring the Sisters of Providence began over 160 years ago. Providence is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. Providence does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, disability, veteran, military status, religion, age, creed, national origin, sexual identity or expression, sexual orientation, marital status, genetic information, or any other basis prohibited by local, state, or federal law. Schedule: Full-time Shift: Day Job Category: Information Technology Location: Washington-Renton Other Location(s): Washington-Seattle, Oregon-Portland, Oregon-Beaverton, California-Anaheim Req ID: 194075