Our customer is one of the world's largest technology companies based in Silicon Valley with operations all over the world. On this project we are working on the bleeding-edge of Big Data technology to develop high performance data analytics platform, which handles petabytes datasets. We are looking for an enthusiastic and technology-proficient Senior Big Data Engineer, who is eager to participate in design and implementation of a top- notch Big Data solution to be deployed at massive scale. Responsibilities: Participate in design and development of Big Data analytical applications Design, support and continuously enhance the project code base, continuous integration pipeline, etc. Write complex ETL processes and frameworks for analytics and data management Implement large-scale near real-time streaming data processing pipelines Work inside the team of industry experts on the cutting edge Big Data technologies to develop solutions for deployment at massive scale Requirements: Bachelors degree in Computer Science or Engineering degree is a must Strong knowledge of Scala In-depth knowledge of Hadoop and Spark, experience with data mining and stream processing technologies (Kafka, Spark Streaming, Akka Streams) Understanding of the best practices in data quality and quality engineering Experience with version control systems, Git in particular Desire and ability for quick learning of new tools and technologies What will be a plus: Knowledge of Unix-based operating systems (bash/ssh/ps/grep etc.) Experience with Github-based development processes Experience with JVM build systems (SBT, Maven, Gradle) What we offer: Work in the Bay Area with terrific customers on large, innovative projects. High-energy atmosphere of exponentially & successfully growing company. A very attractive compensation package with generous benefits (medical, dental, vision and life), 401K and Section 125 pre-tax offerings (POP and FSA plans). About Us: Grid Dynamics is the engineering services company known for transformative, mission-critical cloud solutions for retail, finance and technology sectors. We architected some of the busiest e-commerce services on the Internet and have never had an outage during the peak season. Founded in 2006 and headquartered in San Ramon, California with offices throughout the US and Eastern Europe, we focus on big data analytics, omnichannel services, DevOps, and cloud enablement