Requisition Id : 111705 Additional Work Location(s) : Harman International is expanding its engineering team in Munich, Germany to create the next generation in automotive driver automation. We are developing Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS), Highly Autonomous Driving (HAD), and Fully Autonomous Driving (FAD) systems. This position is based i n Munich, Germany – best technology hub in Europe developing cutting edge technologies, the Silicon Valley of Germany. As a Business Analyst/Junior Data Scientist, you will initially focus on collecting and analyzing data from autonomous car projects levels 1 and 2 and supporting the senior staff of data scientists and data architects. As responsibility increases over time, your role is expected to transition to a data scientist or data architect. Key Primary responsibilities Determines operational objectives by studying business functions; gathering information; evaluating output requirements and formats. Designs new computer programs by analyzing requirements; constructing workflow charts and diagrams; studying system capabilities; writing specifications. Improves systems by studying current practices; designing modifications. Requirements Knowledge in Artificial Neural Networks and Computer Vision for solving problems associated with Autonomous Driving. Programming skills include Python, R, TensorFlow, KERAS, and OpenCV. Scala is a plus. Experience in Machine Learning, Deep Learning, and advanced Predictive Modeling techniques. Statistical Model Development and deployment; Analytics (Predictive Analytics); Big Data; and High Performance Computing Bachelor/Master/PhD in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, or related field HARMAN (harman.com) designs and engineers connected products and solutions for automakers, consumers, and enterprises worldwide, including connected car systems, audio and visual products, enterprise automation solutions; and services supporting the Internet of Things. With leading brands including AKG®, Harman Kardon®, Infinity®, JBL®, Lexicon®, Mark Levinson® and Revel®, HARMAN is admired by audiophiles, musicians and the entertainment venues where they perform around the world. More than 25 million automobiles on the road today are equipped with HARMAN audio and connected car systems. Our software services power billions of mobile devices and systems that are connected, integrated and secure across all platforms, from work and home to car and mobile. HARMAN has a workforce of approximately 30,000 people across the Americas, Europe, and Asia. In March 2017, HARMAN became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Samsung Electronics. HARMAN is an Equal Opportunity /Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or Protected Veterans status. HARMAN offers a great work environment, challenging career opportunities, professional training and competitive compensation. Looking for a challenge where your experience is valued? Come see what you can achieve as a leader with HARMAN! (www.harman.com)