Qualifications Prefer Ed.D, Ph.D or Master’s degree in instructional/learning design, human resource development, educational technology or a related field 15 years of deep expertise and experience in the design and development of a broad portfolio of learning solutions including: blended learning programs, learning journeys, classroom simulations, game-based learning, and digital learning; preferred experience within professional services. In-depth working knowledge across multiple learning design/development approaches including but not limited to: digital learning (WBT, virtual classroom learning, video based learning, MOOCS/SPOCS, learning apps, digital simulations), instructor led classroom learning (simulations, facilitated learning) workplace learning, coaching and mentorship; blended solution development. Strong communications skills, confidence; maturity; ability to quickly build relationships with, and influence senior executives. Capable of developing peer/expert credibility with senior Firm leaders and client service teams. Strong collaboration skills; strong project management, team leadership; has a strong network of vendors relationships/innovators in Learning design space; comfort with ambiguity; aptitude for applying and innovating leading edge thinking on learning design. Who You'll Work With You will work with our McKinsey Academy team in North America. You'll be part of a group of highly motivated entrepreneurs to drive our go- to-market strategy, build client relationships, and ensure successful design and delivery of our client programs. McKinsey Academy’s mission is to accelerate transformations of companies and countries by unlocking the potential of their people. We do this by closely partnering with business and HR leaders to reimagine the approach to developing their leaders and building capabilities across the organization. McKinsey Academy is McKinsey's center of excellence for leadership development and learning. We work closely with McKinsey Client Service Teams (CSTs) and directly with large organizations to identify and develop opportunities. Our offerings include Signature Programs, Custom Programs, Coaching Journeys, and Proprietary Diagnostics. We also have a cutting-edge digital platform, developed in partnership with edX and organizations like Harvard, Stanford, and MIT, to scale leadership development globally. McKinsey Academy is designed for rising professionals and senior teams to develop the capabilities they need to help their organizations thrive. Our programs include courses developed and taught by McKinsey partners, combined with perspectives from the broader market including academics, executives, and thought leaders. The programs combine group-based project work and the newest social approaches that reinforce effective, lasting skills development. With optional in-person components, our programs can be a cost-effective way to build the capabilities of a large number of participants across an organization. New Ventures is a recently formed part of McKinsey focused on fostering innovations driven by analytics, design thinking, mobile, social and other technologies and integrating them into our client work. It is a foundation for—and expands our investment in—our entrepreneurial culture. As one of the fastest-growing parts of our firm, New Ventures has more than 1,000 dedicated professionals (including more than 800 analysts and data scientists) and we’re hiring more mathematicians, data scientists, designers, software engineers, product managers, client development managers and general managers. McKinsey Solutions is a core part of New Ventures and offers practical tools that help people at all levels of an organization generate insights they need to address both strategic and day-to-day decisions. These solutions complement McKinsey's traditional client service and are delivered in many ways, including subscriptions, workshops, training programs and project-based engagements. We work closely with clients to embed our tools, analytics and expertise, and provide on-going support to help them build the capabilities they need to revolutionize how decisions are made. What You'll Do You will be supporting client teams, signature-learning programs and joint ventures in creating a strategy, vision, framework, and ultimately a roadmap for learning solution(s) that deliver against specific learning/performance/capability building objectives. You will also engage in a variety of roles across in different projects, depending on the need of the project/engagement. In this role, you will leverage your skills in counseling client teams on overall architecture for learning journeys/programs. You will also influence key stake-holders on overall architecture of the learning journey; facilitating design of leading edge, effective, high quality solutions that align with the vision/architecture; and managing delivery across multiple client service teams. You will feed the innovation engine for McKinsey Academy across design methodology, modalities, product and learning adoption/efficacy. You will contribute to McKinsey's distinction in the learning design space. Additionally, you will extend the reach and relevance of McKinsey Academy in the learning and leadership development arena. You will represent McKinsey externally on thought leadership in learning design, sustaining a network of relationships with leading external learning providers including academics, leadership development consultants, learning professionals of leading companies. And also leverage faculty with specific areas of expertise to discern, and monitor best practices, and incorporate the best approaches in McKinsey Academy programs.