At Remitly, we help immigrant communities around the world send over $5 billion a year to their loved ones. Sending money is faster, easier, and costs less with our all-digital money transfer platform. Our vision is to transform the lives of immigrants and their families by providing the most trusted financial service products on the planet. At Remitly, your work has a direct and positive impact on people around the globe. Your work matters, every day. We are looking for an exceptional Engineering Manager for our Machine Learning Team to unlock the full potential of our data and leverage the power of machine learning to make a difference in the organization. The Data Team at Remitly is a fast paced environment where you will work on high-impact exciting projects to enhance our customer experience, marketing efficiency, and operational excellence. In this role you will: You will formalize the horizontal Machine Learning Chapter. You will figure out how to set the standards that will be used by all the machine learning efforts across the company. As a leader, you will sweat the details by getting directly involved in the machine learning models to understand the team’s processes. As a result of that insight, you will set a vision for how the machine learning discipline will evolve long-term. You will also develop models as a player-coach for the team. As a leader, you will kick off the virtuous cycle of evaluating machine learning opportunities, influencing other business unit leaders to sponsor these opportunities and form and hire the teams to build those data products. Hire and develop exceptional Machine Learning Engineers to build out the models moving forward. Successful candidates should have: An MS in Computer Science, Applied Math or related Engineering fields (PhD is a plus) 5+ years of work experience building production ready systems, with at least 2+ years applying statistics, exploratory data analysis and machine learning that resulted in data-driven business impact. At least 2 years of hiring and developing exceptional people, offering technical expertise and guidance and to elevating the overall expertise of a team. Solid knowledge of both the theory and application of ML algorithms. Proficiency with systems design and data processing. Candidates should have hands on experience with Python and ML libraries (e.g., scikit-learn, scipy, numpy, matplotlib, pandas etc), SQL, Scala, Spark, Hadoop. Strong knowledge of professional software engineering practices and best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations. Ability to present complex concepts in a clear narrative that influences stakeholders to take action. You are curious, love to continuously improve and exhibit the aptitude to learn quickly. You love making a difference. Who we are: Remitly is the largest independent digital remittance company headquartered in the United States, transferring over $5 billion in annualized volume from its customers in the United States, United Kingdom, Canada, and Australia to loved ones throughout the world. The company’s proprietary global transfer network includes its easy-to-use mobile app, which makes the process of sending money faster, easier, more transparent and less costly by eliminating the forms, codes, agents, extra time and fees typical of the traditional, century-old money transfer process. Remitly is backed by industry-leading investors, World Bank’s International Finance Corporation (IFC), Naspers’ PayU, Silicon Valley Bank, Stripes Group, DFJ, DN Capital, QED Investors, Trilogy Equity Partners, Bezos Expeditions, Founders’ Co-Op, and TomorrowVentures. The company is headquartered in Seattle, with additional offices in London, the Philippines, and Nicaragua. For more information, visit remitly.com. Remitly is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Individuals seeking employment at Remitly are considered without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or sexual orientation. Remitly is an eVerify Employer.