The Database Administrator has the overall responsibility for performance, integrity and security of a database. The Database Administrator is responsible for the database organization and operations, procedures and resources to facilitate database effectiveness and efficiency. These responsibilities include: Responsible for administrative aspects of databases. This includes being proficient in scheduling, quality control, reports, coordination, and reporting. Assisting in database design and implementation. Updating and amending existing databases. Setting up and testing new database and data handling systems. Monitor database efficiency. Sustaining the security and integrity of databases. Creating complex query definitions that allow data to be extracted. Training colleagues in how to input and extract data. Provide historical reference by defining procedures for retention, protection, retrieval, transfer, and disposal of data. Maintains efficiency by planning and implementing new systems and techniques. Minimize database downtime and manage parameters to provide fast query responses. Perform tests and evaluations regularly to ensure data security, and integrity. Provide proactive and reactive data management support and training to users. Determine, enforce and document database policies, procedure and standards. Define users and enable data distribution to the right user, in appropriate format and in a timely manner. Completes operational requirements by scheduling and assigning employees; following up on work results. Keeps management informed by reviewing and analyzing special reports; summarizing information; identifying trends. Maintains professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops; reviewing professional publications; establishing personal networks; participating in professional societies. Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed. Minimum Requirements: Bachelor’s degree or equivalent or 5+ years of relevant proven Database Administration. Proficient in Microsoft Office suite, office software packages and high adaptability to learning new software and technology. Knowledge of Database Administration management practices and procedures. Understanding of structured query language (SQL). Knowledge of ‘relational database management systems’ (RDBMS), ‘object oriented database management systems’ (OODBMS) and XML database management systems. Proficient in one or more of the leading database management systems, such as, Microsoft SQL Server, IBM DB2, MySQL and Oracle. Professionally perform multiple, detailed-oriented tasks with simultaneous deadlines. Ability to work both individually and with a team, take direction and go beyond your job description when needed. Solid writing and organization skills. Possess strong work ethic, integrity and loyalty. Team player with the ability to work well under pressure. Understanding the importance of excellent customer service and maintaining a positive attitude. U.S. citizenship is required. _This position outlines the basic tasks and requirements for the position noted. It is not a comprehensive listing of all job duties. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice._ KDS provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Kraemer Design Services complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, and transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. KDS expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status.