POPSUGAR is looking for a fulltime paralegal to join its in-house legal team. This individual will be responsible for supporting the evolving needs of a fast-paced and high growth business. We are looking for a talented paralegal with initiative and drive who can handle a high volume of varied legal work. This position will report to the company’s General Counsel and is based in POPSUGAR’s San Francisco office. Responsibilities Provide substantive support to POPSUGAR’s attorneys in a variety of corporate, commercial transaction, and litigation matters. Draft and review a variety of agreements, terms of service, and other documents such as NDAs, releases, renewals and other commercial agreements. Support legal team and internal business teams on marketing, sweepstakes and promotional activities including drafting rules and advising on structure and administration. Review marketing, advertising, website, social media, promotional, and other consumer-facing materials to ensure compliance with clearance policies, advertising law and company policies. Liaise with various internal teams to administer signed contracts and maintain contract management system. Support strategic transactions including due diligence, post-closing integration and other related support. Conduct legal research or preliminary clearances under the supervision of attorneys. Implement, coordinate and assist with other legal department projects including maintaining trackers for templates, compliance matters, and litigation, creating presentations and other training materials. Skills and Experience 3+ years of paralegal and/or legal support in either law firm or in-house legal department Well-honed project management and organizational skills with the ability to closely manage multiple transactions and process a high volume of work in a timely and accurate manner with a high attention to detail. Excellent ability to problem solve in an efficient, business-friendly, creative manner. Strong verbal and written communication skills. Collaborative team player and have partnered with internal and external contacts at all levels. Energetic, optimistic attitude with a willingness to roll up your sleeves. Proficient with Microsoft Office Programs (Word, Excel and PowerPoint) and Google Drive (Docs, Sheets and Forms); experience with document management databases preferred (e.g. SpringCM and Box). Experience in media industry and with intellectual property issue strongly preferred. Bachelors degree or paralegal certificate preferred but not required. About POPSUGAR Inc. POPSUGAR Inc. is a global media and technology company including lifestyle media publisher POPSUGAR and monthly subscription box POPSUGAR Must Have. Together, the brands attract 100 million monthly visitors worldwide, and inform, entertain, and inspire action through the content we create and the commerce we drive. What unites our businesses is the belief that it takes more than inspiration to live the life you want. That's why we not only create content that moves our audience but also make it easier to take action on what's important to them — whether it's starting a new fitness routine or participating in a social cause. POPSUGAR Inc. operates internationally in Australia, France, Germany, China, the Middle East, and the UK, with offices in San Francisco, New York, Los Angeles, Chicago, and London. The company is privately held and funded by Sequoia Capital and IVP. For more information about POPSUGAR Inc., visit corp.popsugar.com [http://corp.popsugar.com/]. POPSUGAR is dedicated to fostering a diverse and inclusive company culture. We celebrate our differences and embrace the varying ideas, interests, and life experiences that make us who we are. As a company with a mission to inform and inspire people all over the world, we believe that employing individuals with diverse backgrounds is essential to building a successful, creative, and innovative business. We work hard, play nice, and welcome those who do the same. Whoever you are, You are POPSUGAR.