Java Developer Phoenix, AZ Responsibilities: Debugging code in all environments (Dev, QA and Prod) to trouble shoot issues, review logs (Server, application & database), analyze REST/SOAP web services, analyze UI/HTML/JavaScript using Chrome/IE developer tool and perform root cause analysis. Experience in designing, implementing and managing Linux environment for Incident/Change & Patch Mgmt. Must have the inclination/Flexibility to learn Dev Ops tools that are in play within the environment. The ability to bridge the gap when working with the Product, Architecture, QA and Infrastructure teams. Experience with building Rest APIs, API Integration, Web Services development or production support Excellent issue debugging skills 5 years of experience in Java development/production support Preferred Skills: Deep understanding of cloud technologies (AWS, GCP, etc.) is preferred Knowledge of prior WebSphere/JBoss experience would be plus 2+ years of hands on experience on Kubernetes, OpenShift is preferred Note: “Cognizant will not sponsor H-1B or other U.S. work authorization, or lawful permanent residence (otherwise known as a “Green Card”) for this role. Cognizant US Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran. If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions in the US, please send an email with your request to CareersNA2@cognizant.com About Cognizant Cognizant is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant, a member of the NASDAQ-100, is ranked 195 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us on Twitter: USJobsCognizant. Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.