_Researcher, Image Processing & Driver Monitoring _ Company: Hitachi America, Ltd. Division: R&D / Automotive Products Research Laboratory (APL) Location: Farmington Hills, MI Status: Regular, Full-Time Summary: Hitachi America, Ltd. ( www.hitachi-america.us ) is looking for a Ph.D or equivalent degree holder in Computer Science/Electrical/Mechanical/Robotics/Biomechatronics or related engineering field to join our automotive research & development team as a researcher to contribute in the area of advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS) research. The position will require sound knowledge on computer vision, machine learning, biomechatronics, and programming skills along with hands-on experiments on control systems. The position requires the researcher to work as a team member with good communication and written skills. Job Duties: · The candidate will work in close collaboration with automotive business division engineers in the USA and Hitachi R&D in Japan. · Create new concept and develop state of the art algorithm, perform experiments, and data analysis to realize improved system. · The candidate must have the ability to make plans and execute them. He/she will perform complex system analysis with high level of analytical ability. · Periodic generation of invention disclosures based on research outcome. · Publish technical papers and attend/present at conferences and seminars. Qualifications · Must have a Ph.D. or equivalent degree in Computer Science/Electrical/Mechanical/ Robotics/Biomechatronics or related engineering field. · Knowledge of Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) and vehicle occupant monitoring systems is preferred. · Knowledge and experience in image processing is required. · Knowledge in robotics/biomechatronics systems development using camera is preferred. · Familiarity with modern machine learning and computer vision technique is preferred. · Prior research experience in sensing techniques and sensor fusion are preferred. · Research experience using vital sign sensors is preferred. · Programming skills in C++ and/or MATLAB is required. · Ability to work in a team environment and present research outcome to customers is required. · Candidate should exhibit skills in technical writing and time and project management. · Candidate will need to travel locally and internationally for at least 15% of the time. EOE-Females/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities If you need a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job at Hitachi, please send the nature of request and contact information to accommodation@hal.hitachi.com. Queries other than accommodation requests will not be responded to.