As a member of our Software Engineering Group you will design and develop innovative solutions to meet business needs. You’ll join an inspiring and curious team of technologists dedicated to improving the design, analytics, development, coding, testing and application programming that goes into creating high quality software and new products. You’ll be tasked with keeping the team and other key stakeholders up to speed on the progress of what’s being developed. Coming in with an understanding of the importance of end-to- end software development-such as agile frameworks-is key. And best of all, you’ll be working with and sharing ideas, information, and innovation with our global team of technologists from all over the world. We’ re looking for hands-on, business focused SAP Business Object developer who can deliver long-term projects as well as being responsive to short turnaround requests in Post Trade. This role provides the opportunity to be part of a very strong team and global system that spans multiple lines of business within the JPMorgan Investment Bank. Located in Houston, Texas you will be developing business intelligence solutions involving requirements analysis, design, development and maintenance of reports. OneMargin is the JPMorgan Investment Bank platform for collateral management and client valuations for OTC Derivatives, F&O, PB, letters of credit and commercial public funds. COAST is one of the most critical applications in the JPMorgan Investment Bank with a global user presence and code footprint of around three million lines. Responsibilities: Analyze business requirements and create functional requirements specifications. Create design specifications to meet functional and business requirements. Create/Enhance/Maintain Universe semantic layers. Develop new and enhance existing reports connecting to single or multiple data sources. Create/Enhance/Maintain advanced Business Intelligence custom applications developed using BusinessObjects SDK and JAVA Analyze existing reports and improve performance. Write PL/SQL stored procedures and functions to provide required information if needed functionality is not supported by BusinessObjects. Investigate and resolve production issues escalated by production support team. Skills and knowledge required: 5+ years of hands-on Business Objects Web Intelligence reports and universe development in BI 4.x enterprise deployments. Full software development life cycle experience with proven record of following industry best practices and standards. Hands-on experience with reports/universe migrations between major BusinessObjects versions. Core understanding of BusinessObjects architecture, security framework and content management. Very well versed with PL/SQL and stored procedures on large relational databases. Experience with analytical tools like Tableau, QlikView, SAP Lumira a plus. Our Corporate & Investment Bank relies on innovators like you to build and maintain the technology that helps us safely service the world’s important corporations, governments and institutions. You’ll develop solutions for a bank entrusted with holding $18 trillion of assets and $393 billion in deposits. CIB provides strategic advice, raises capital, manages risk, and extends liquidity in markets spanning over 100 countries around the world. When you work at JPMorgan Chase & Co., you’re not just working at a global financial institution. You’re an integral part of one of the world’s biggest tech companies. In 14 technology hubs worldwide, our team of 40,000+ technologists design, build and deploy everything from enterprise technology initiatives to big data and mobile solutions, as well as innovations in electronic payments, cybersecurity, machine learning, and cloud development. Our $9.5B+ annual investment in technology enables us to hire people to create innovative solutions that will not only transform the financial services industry, but also change the world. At JPMorgan Chase & Co. we value the unique skills of every employee, and we’re building a technology organization that thrives on diversity. We encourage professional growth and career development, and offer competitive benefits and compensation. If you’re looking to build your career as part of a global technology team tackling big challenges that impact the lives of people and companies all around the world, we want to meet you.