Under minimal supervision provides the necessary technical expertise to coordinate, maintain and support databases utilizing Microsoft’s SQL Server, database utilities, software products and major subsystems as packaged with purchased applications. The duties include performance tuning, monitoring, database capacity and utilization planning, server application security, archiving, planning and monitoring of backups, disaster recovery, and documentation based on BCBSAZ corporate policies, industry best practices, and customer-based business requirements . The Database Administrator is responsible for the efficient and effective management of the corporation's electronic data on enterprise databases. The position will ensure highly available, stable, secure and recoverable databases in a 24/7 environment. Essential Job Functions and Responsibilities Level 1 – Performs job functions under general supervision or peer review Collaborate with the Database Services team and infrastructure staff to ensure smooth and reliable operation of SQL Server databases and services for fulfilling business objectives and processes. Collaborate in responding to urgent alerts and Production incidents. Promote SQL Server artifacts through the several database environments as requested by application development teams, and in general attend to client requests as assigned. Participate in the promotion of SQL Server best practices Contribute to the team’s knowledge base with useful information such as adopted standards, procedure documentation, problem resolution advice, etc. Install and configure SQL Server instances according to standards defined by the team, and upgrade the SQL Server instances as required. Manage, monitor, maintain and optimize SQL Server instances as assigned. Support Enterprise database clustering, mirroring, replication among other SQL Server technologies. Manage scheduled database maintenance jobs. Implement and manage SQL Server security to provide appropriate levels of access to users throughout the company. ALL LEVELS Each progressive level includes the ability to perform the essential functions of any lower levels and mentor employees in those levels. The position requires a full-time work schedule. Full-time is defined as working at least 40 hours per week, plus any additional hours as requested or as needed to meet business requirements. Collectively responsible for the uptime and health of the company’s database environments on a 24 x 7 basis. Provides rotating on-call service (FTEs only). Perform all other duties as assigned Employment Requirements Required Work Experience Level 1 5 years Experience in database administration with SQL Server 2 years Experience in advanced database administration with SQL Server Experience leading a SQL Server database administration team Required Education High-School Diploma or GED in general field of study (All Levels) Preferred Work Experience Level 1 5 years Experience in information technology or computer systems, including experience with networked software and operating systems 2 years Experience in planning, design, development, and implementation of software systems, applications, and related products Experience in project management Supervisory or lead experience Preferred Education Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Business, or related field (All Levels) Preferred Certifications MCITP SQL Server 2005 Database Administration and Development MCITP SQL Server 2008 Database Administration and Development MCSE SQL Server 2012 Data Platform Required Job Skills (Applies to All Levels) Intermediate skill in use of office equipment, including copiers, fax machines, scanner and telephones Intermediate PC proficiency Intermediate proficiency in spreadsheet, database, flow charting, and word processing software Working technical knowledge of current software protocols and Internet standards to the extent that they apply to database administration. SQL Server skills commesurate with the position’s level. Excellent database troubleshooting skills Working technical knowledge of PowerShell . Knowledge of data privacy practices and laws, including HIPAA regulations related to data security. Required Professional Competencies (Applies to All Levels) Ability to prioritize tasks and work with multiple priorities, sometimes under limited time constraints. Perserverance in the face of resistance or setbacks. Effective interpersonal skills and ability to maintain positive working relationship with others. Verbal and written communication skills and the ability to interact professionally with a diverse group, executives, managers, and subject matter experts. Systems research and analysis. Ability to write and present business documentation. Experience working with and managing third parties Knowledge of business requirements development and user acceptance testing. Ability to maintain confidentiality and privacy Analytical knowledge necessary to generate reports based on available data and then make decisions based on reported data Preferred Job Skills (Applies to All Levels) Advanced proficiency in spreadsheet, database, flow charting, and word processing software Advanced expertise in SQL Server services. Advanced knowledge of computer operating systems Preferred Professional Competencies (Applies to All Levels) Advanced systems research and analysis expertise Impeccable project management skills Solid technical ability and problem solving skills Knowledge of internal departments and operations