Overview Our Tempe office is looking for an experienced System Administrator to provide technology leadership, policy, procedures, standards and implementation for software and technology with mid to high complexity. The System Administrator is responsible for providing IT platform integrity, engineering design standards, scripting and automation, metrics analytics and reporting, capacity planning, and tier 2 support escalations. This position will require a majority of time spent on projects focusing on database management. What you get to do every day Collaborate with Product Development, Service Delivery, and Application Support teams to ensure our network architecture supports new product development directions Complete root cause and failure analysis to resolve systems problems Perform ongoing performance tuning, upgrades, and resource optimization as directed Review client support and operational issues, assisting the Application Support team with understanding of client implementations and resolution of problems Advocate new tools and processes to improve build and source control efficiency Experience troubleshooting issues with database performance including tempspace issues What kind of person should you be? Excellent verbal and written communications skills Ability to collaborate with fellow team members and teams across the organization Strong problem-solving capabilities and ability to work in a high-activity setting and multi-task Good understanding of technologies involved in our solutions such as Internet, cloud, and automation You have hands-on production environment automation skills with a tool such as Puppet, Chef, or Ansible You possess strong technical skills to support understanding existing solutions and architecture as well as future architecture needs What skills do you need? Minimum of 6 years of experience in Linux administration Experience in a Tier 2+ Engineering position Experience with Amazon Web Services (AWS) environments, Apache Tomcat, and APIs Experience with systems and IT operations Diverse knowledge covering servers, networks, client server systems, and firewalls Must have strong SQL (Oracle and MySQL) skills, including writing and troubleshooting queries Experience with user permissions including roles and troubleshooting permission issues. Experience creating procedures and jobs in both MySQL and Oracle. Expert in core network services including DHCP, DNS, IP routing, and ACL lists Automation experience (Puppet, Chef, Ansible, CloudFormation, etc.) Experience with transactional and object databases Directory services experience (LDAP, Active Directory, OpenLDAP) SSL Certificate experience (CA management, key pairs, key stores, etc.) Scripting experience (Bash, Python, PHP, Ruby) Experience with Red Hat- and CentOS-based Linux distributions The following are nice to have skills: Puppet module development experience Experience with AWS CloudFormation templates Knowledge of software-defined lifecycles, product packaging, and deployments An understanding of the complexities around security and compliance in a public or hybrid cloud environment (PCI-DSS, HIPAA, etc.) Familiarity with auto-scaling, load balancers, QoS, vulnerability patching, messaging systems such as SQS and JMS, and YUM repo creation and management Advanced SQL database server administration experience (High Availability, Replication, Scaling, Backups, Restores, Encryption, etc.) Advanced host and network monitoring experience (CloudWatch, Nagios, Check_MK, Icinga, Zabbix, etc.) Log aggregation experience (Splunk, Syslog, Elastic Stack, etc.) is preferred What can you expect from us? A unique, supportive, and flexible work environment Challenges related to working in a fast-paced, growing environment A management team that cares about people An extensive orientation program including job shadowing A chance to join the occasional beach volleyball game or board game night Want to join our amazing team but live out of state? Have no fear! KUBRA will cover the cost of your one way flight and assist with living accommodation KUBRA is an equal opportunity employer dedicated to building an inclusive and diverse workforce. We will provide accommodations during the recruitment process upon request. Information received relating to accommodation will be addressed confidentially. We thank all applicants for their interest; however, only candidates under consideration will be contacted.