Auto req ID: 154122BR Job Description We are PepsiCo PepsiCo is a global food and beverage leader operating in more than 200 countries with a product portfolio that includes 22 world-famous, billion- dollar brands. From Gatorade to Quaker, to LIFEWTR, to Lay’s, we make hundreds of enjoyable foods and beverages that are loved throughout the world. Innovation is a critical way we impact the market, as well as communities around the globe. We believe there is value in products, people, and planet. And we strive to make a difference by creating solutions that leave a lasting positive footprint. Our culture is driven by our employees. No two days are the same; we’re dynamic and full of passionate teams embracing new ideas through our collaborative spirit. At PepsiCo, What Makes You Unique, Makes Us Better! Functional Description: Through a network of 3,000 associates worldwide, IT focuses on delivering and supporting capabilities that improve business processes, enable associates to connect and collaborate more easily, collect and mine data for analytical insights, and enhance performance across all aspects of PepsiCo’s value chain. What you can expect: Students are afforded opportunities for beneficial, meaningful work experience in one of five project groups. Please let your PepsiCo Campus Representative know which of the following disciplines interest you most. You may express interest in more than one: Project Coordination: Plans and manages the delivery of technology projects. Development: Designs, develops, configures, and tests technology solutions to meet business requirements. Business Analyst: Uses knowledge of business processes to analyze options, define requirements, and create functional designs for technology solutions to business problems. Data & Analytics: Develops reporting & analytical solutions to turn data into business insights. Includes the management of reusable & consistent data foundations. Information Security: Plans and implements security measures to protect PepsiCo against cyber-attacks and ensure the integrity of PepsiCo's data, systems, and networks. _Only available in Plano, TX location_ Take note : while final work placement will be in one of the following two locations, no specific location is guaranteed pre-offer. Actual working location will be determined and identified at the point of offer. Plano, TX Purchase/White Plains, NY Qualifications/Requirements What we’re looking for: Currently pursuing a degree in: Computer Science, Software Engineering, Information Systems, MIS, Business Information Systems, Business or Engineering with IT focus (other related majors may be considered) Minimum GPA 3.0 IT related experience a plus Ability to learn new technologies and processes information quickly Ability to adapt to changes in timelines and sequences Excellent verbal and written communication skills Minimum Qualifications - Each candidate is expected to: Graduate with Bachelor’s degree within one (1) year of internship completion. Be legally authorized to work in the U.S. without the need for current or future work authorization or visa sponsorship for employment Pass a drug screen and background investigation Relocation Eligible: Not Eligible for Relocation All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status. PepsiCo is an Equal Opportunity Employer: Female / Minority / Disability / Protected Veteran / Sexual Orientation / Gender Identity If you'd like more information about your EEO rights as an applicant under the law, please download the available EEO is the Law & EEO is the Law Supplement documents. View PepsiCo EEO Policy Please view our Pay Transparency Statement