The Office of Chief Medical Examiner investigates cases of persons who die within New York City from criminal violence, by accident, by suicide, suddenly when in apparent health, when unattended by a physician, in a correctional facility or in any suspicious or unusual manner or where an application is made pursuant to law for a permit to cremate a body of a person. We exist to provide answers in support of families, victims and community during times of profound need.JOB DESCRIPTIONThe core values of the OCME are to put the mission of the agency first, to be truly dedicated and to have integrity in every aspect of our professional life. Under direction, oversees the activities of the mortuaries under the auspices of the Office of Chief Medical Examiner (OCME). Typical tasks include but are not limited to the following: ? Assists the Mortuary Borough Supervisor in the day to day operation.? Perform all Mortuary Procedures (Autopsy, METT, and Check in, Storage, Release of Remains, and Fingerprinting). ? Prepares Incident Reports, Schedules and Statistics as needed.? Checks Case Management System (CMS) and EDRS (Electronic Death Reporting System) for all documents (Death Certificates, Burial Permits) relating to the Intake and Release of Remains.? Ensures that the Morgue is properly cleaned and sanitized Daily.? Reports all complaints, accidents and any incidents within the Mortuary to the proper personnel.? Performs all City Morgue Technician Duties as needed. ? Weigh remains, lift remains onto autopsy table and assist Medical Examiners in all autopsy procedures.? Boxes and Loads City Burial as needed.? Drives to death scenes to perform case pick up.? Required to operate a motor vehicle.? Takes Fingerprints of remains before, during or after autopsy.? Performs in-house case reconciliations.? Other duties as assigned Minimum Qual Requirements 1\. A four year high school diploma or its educational equivalent approved by a State's Department of Education or a recognized accrediting organization and one year of full-time satisfactory experience in mortuary and autopsy work. For Assignment to Level II In addition to meeting the "Qualification Requirements" described above, to be assigned to Assignment Level II candidates must have one additional year of the experience described above, for a total of two years of experience. For Assignment to Assignment Level III In addition to meeting the "Qualification Requirements" described above, to be assigned to Assignment Level III candidates must have three additional years of experience as described above, for a total of four years of experience; two years of the experience must have been in a supervisory capacity. Additional Information LICENSE REQUIREMENT1. A motor vehicle driver license valid in the state of New York is required.SPECIAL NOTE1. The selected candidate will be required to provide a DNA sample by swabbing. 2. This position has been identified as ?essential.? During emergency events, ?essential? positions may require 24-hour availability.PREFERRED SKILLSTwo years of mortuary experience and computer efficiency. To Apply TO APPLY, PLEASE SUBMIT RESUME AND COVER LETTER TO nyc.gov/careers JOB ID321082Please note that only candidates selected for the interview will be contacted for this position. Residency Requirement New York City residency is generally required within 90 days of appointment. However, City Employees in certain titles who have worked for the City for 2 continuous years may also be eligible to reside in Nassau, Suffolk, Putnam, Westchester, Rockland, or Orange County. To determine if the residency requirement applies to you, please discuss with the agency representative at the time of interview.