Job Description: Position located in _Evanston, IL_ . Only authorized to Work for any employer in USA. This is the best time to join our Company as we are building the next generation of our web applications and starting to migrate all our ASP .NET MVC apps to Core .Net MVC / Vue.js. If “ASP.NET MVC, html, CSS, JavaScript, Knockout.js, Bootstrap, Vue.js, VSTS, Git, Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment, Scrum, new challenge, learning new technology” are more than just buzz words and If you’re looking for the right opportunity to learn, lead and apply your knowledge; don’t wait and send us your resume. The .NET Developer is responsible for developing .NET, web-based software solutions. Development occurs in an Agile environment, typically in fixed- length sprints (Scrum methodology), with regular interactions with Product Owners and other team members. The developer is expected to produce high- quality software, to function effectively as a member of a team, to interact with management and other members of the development group, and to continually seek to improve themselves and the company. Company: Cardinal Intellectual Property, Inc. is a global leader in patent and trademark service, and a provider of software services for intellectual property management. Our clients include Fortune 500 companies, law firms, and educational institutions. Cardinal is 100% U.S. owned and operated. Cardinal’s IT and Application Development are responsible for the development and maintenance of our proprietary cloud-based system architecture, as well as the software applications. This talented team consistently delivers secure, powerful, intuitive solutions that exceed clients’ expectations and maintains our clients’ security. Our offices are located in Evanston, only a few blocks from Northwestern University campus and is close to the Davis Street stop and the Metra (Union Pacific North). We offer great insurance benefits, including medical, dental, vision, STD, LTD and life insurance. We also provide paid time off, 401K and transportation reimbursement. We are a business casual dress environment. Please visit our website (www.cardinal-ip.com) for more information. The company culture is creative, fast-paced and focused on massive growth. We work to foster an environment that promotes growth, appreciates diversity of thought, and provides continuous opportunities for development. Cardinal Intellectual Property, Inc. and Cardinal Holdings, LLC provides equal opportunity in employment to all employees and applicants for employment. No person will be discriminated against in employment because of race, religion, color, sex, gender, age, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, disability, sexual orientation, military status, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by applicable Federal, State or local statute or ordinance. Job Type: Full-time Position Responsibilities/Duties: Contribute to requirements gathering and analysis activities such as storyboarding, developing use cases, and creating functional requirements specifications. Contribute to creating feature specifications and technical design blueprints. Operate within the dynamics of a team; exercise proper etiquette and citizenship during “team development” sprints. Take responsibility for feature-focused unit and system testing (built both by you and others). Contribute to user acceptance testing procedures and monitoring results. Contribute to performance and load testing procedures and issue remediation. Required Skills and Abilities: 3+ years professional experience developing n-tier / Object Oriented applications using C. 3+ Experience with ASP .NET MVC web-based applications 3+ Experience with JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, HTML, and CSS Excellent written and verbal communications Experience with Entity Framework, Rest API Ideal candidate should have experience with C, Web, ASP.NET and MVC Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree from a United States’ College/University or related National work experience Interest to learn new technology (Microservices, Docker, Vue.js, etc.) Cardinal Intellectual Property, Inc. provides equal opportunity in employment to all employees and applicants for employment. No person will be discriminated against in employment because of race, religion, color, sex, gender, age, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, disability, sexual orientation, military status, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by applicable Federal, State or local statute or ordinance. XJ6