Drupal Developer Bixal is looking for an experienced Drupal Developer to join our team as we develop best practice Drupal-based websites and applications to support our federal clients' goals and positively impact the lives of people in the U.S. and in developing countries. Responsibilities Responsible for designing, creating, testing and maintaining responsive websites using web development tools. Interacts with team to gather, define, and analyze requirements to determine the most effective web technologies to satisfy business needs. Creates efficient/logical databases. Recognize system deficiencies and implements effective solutions. Design, test and integrate system and enterprise software and multi-tier systems architectures. Assist in the configuration of web server settings. Qualifications 5 years of demonstrated experience in web design and development including mobile and responsive design. Experience in all aspects of the software development lifecycle, including design, functional and technical requirements, coding, debugging, testing, release and operation support. Experience with Agile Software Development Methodology. Experience with software development best practices, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing and operations. Experience building responsive websites. Experience with Content Management System design, build and integration. Strong proficiencies in developing/implementing content in Drupal 7 core modules, contributed modules, custom modules, views, panels, blocks, etc. Experience migrating from Drupal 7 to Drupal 8. Experience and knowledge in other content management systems, e.g., Percussion. Experience deploying to cloud platforms such as AWS. Experience with Developer/Build tools including GIT and Jenkins. Strong working knowledge with the hands-on experience with current technologies and web development tools, e.g., AngularJS, Bootstrap, JavaScript/JQuery, CSS/CSS3, HTML5, Bootstrap, PHP, API, Web Services, SOAP, HTTPS, XML. Experience working with various Operating Systems – Ubuntu, Linux, Windows and relational databases. Advanced knowledge of usability/accessibility standards of user interface development in order to produce code compliant for Section 508 accessibility; may work with development tools that aid in this process.