THE ROLE We are looking for talented Senior Database Administrator specialized into MySQL, Aurora databases to work on our leading commerce platform. You will take on the operations of the high transaction volume databases for our high- profile customer webstores. The successful candidates will be part of the Platform Operations team and must demonstrate a solid knowledge and experience managing high volume transactional databases, database performance tuning and SQL tuning to provide a great customer experience and scale accordingly to absorb high traffic volumes generated by high impact flash campaigns. The candidate will ensure the good health of the databases and also will provide all the required Monitoring, Logging, and Alerting setup that our Global Command Center will actively monitor. You will have a keen eye for recognizing and driving out inefficiencies while taking the initiative to simplify processes for our customers. You will not be afraid to relentlessly escalate and consistently raise the bar for skill and customer service. You will have a deep understanding of IaaS/PaaS/SaaS best practices and technologies. WHAT YOU'LL DO Architect, design and implement high performance scalable databases that can fulfill customer needs. Ensure availability, enhance, and maintain our databases ecosystem Identify slow queries and perform SQL tuning to provide best possible performance. Foster SQL knowledge and best practices to generate efficient SQL code on Engineering teams. Follow and promote quality best practices from all sides of software engineering and platform operations. Actively participate in high level team activities such as architecture or process improvements. Practice sustainable incident response and blameless postmortems/retrospectives. Engage in and improve the whole lifecycle of operational services—from inception and design, through deployment, operation and refinement. WHAT YOU'LL NEED 5+ years’ experience working on a PaaS/SaaS managing MySQL/Aurora databases providing critical 24x7 uptime as a Sr. Database Administrator Experience working with MySQL/Aurora databases on high transactional environments Experience working with hyperscale cloud providers (AWS, Azure, GCP, etc.). Understands the LAMP architecture stack from OS/WebServer/Database and Application along with AWS/Network/WAF/CDN Experience using/implementing CI/CD frameworks. Application deployment (Git, Jenkins, Composer, etc.). Infrastructure provisioning tools (Chef/Puppet, Ansible, Terraform, etc.). Extensive infrastructure automation via shell scripting (Python, BASH, etc.). Extensive experience with Monitoring / Logging / Alerting systems. Experience using Problem and Incident Manager Solutions. Experience using KEKB (Known-Error Knowledge Base) Intellectual curiosity to pursue the unknown and to continuously learn. Ability to work in a fast-paced dynamic environment. Good communication skills and a desire to work in a team-based environment. WHAT WE'D LOVE TO SEE MySQL/Aurora certifications Other database experience/certifications sql/non-sql Experience in Lean, Six-Sigma, or Kaizen ITIL certification WORKING FOR MAGENTO Working at Magento means becoming part of one of the fastest growing commerce solutions companies on the planet. More than 240,000 merchants rely on us to fuel their growth. A career at Magento puts you on the cutting-edge of the commerce industry and offers many opportunities for advancement. And, as a part of our family of products and services, you’ll also gain valuable exposure to a wealth of commerce knowledge, experience, a global customer and employee base, and world-class resources. We’re always looking for talented people who want to help shape the future of commerce, and who believe in the power of collaboration.