Join us as we pursue our disruptive new vision to make machine data accessible, usable and valuable to everyone. We are a company filled with people who are passionate about our product and seek to deliver the best experience for our customers. At Splunk, we’re committed to our work, customers, having fun and most meaningfully to each other’s success. Learn more about Splunk careers and how you can become a part of our journey! Role: As Sr. Business Systems Analyst you will play a key role within the Sales Technology team at Splunk, working closely with leadership and internal customers as we transform our go-to-market capabilities. Working cross functionally with a broad set of business partners, you will use keen business process understanding, appreciation for simplicity and quality, critical thinking, and a bit of elbow grease to craft holistic solutions that meet business and technology objectives while furthering Splunk’s long range goals. You will be part of the core team that is responsible for designing, building and maintaining the Salesforce platform and related technologies supporting the sales and marketing organizations. Come join a collaborative and growing organization where you can make a difference. Requirements: You have 7+ experience designing and supporting large scale, technically complex solutions on Salesforce and associated ecosystem Facilitate maintenance and enhancement of the Salesforce.com platform for the sales and marketing teams. You will drive system enhancement efforts to completion by capturing and assessing user requirements with business partners and provide configuration, development and application support to the teams enabling enhanced productivity, reporting capabilities and collaboration. Support efforts to grow the platform through new applications and technology as needed. You are able to explain complex systems and technical topics in a clear, concise manner to others who may have minimal technical knowledge using oral, written and visual presentations Functional skills: Deep understanding of B2B sales and marketing processes Strong problem solving, critical thinking, and analytical skills to set up and interpret logic, data tables, and rule relationships You have the desire to learn and apply new technologies Ability to self-train quickly and pick up new skills as necessary Understanding of cloud offerings market space concepts You have good interpersonal skills We value diversity at our company. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or any other applicable legally protected characteristics in the location in which you are applying. For job positions in San Francisco, CA, and other locations where required, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.