Cyber Security Analyst (Job Number:434778) Description: SAIC has a contingent opening for a Cyber Security Systems Analyst. The Analyst will support the Naval Surface Warfare Center Philadelphia Division. This position is contingent upon contract award. The candidate will provide technical services in support of delivering cyber- secure systems and solutions including the development and submittal of Risk Management Framework (RMF) risk assessments, implementation of DoD secure system configuration and hardening requirements identified in Defense Information Systems Agency (DISA) Security Technical Implementation Guides (STIGs) and Security Requirements Guides (SRGs), Assured Compliance Assessment Solution (ACAS) vulnerability assessments, anti-virus (AV) scanning, Standard Engineering Process (SEP) artifacts, and other supporting documentation required for certifying and maintaining afloat, RDT &E, and/or enterprise platforms. Qualifications : REQUIRED EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE: Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or Computer Engineering or a Cyber Security related degree from an ABET (Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology) accredited program. Two (2) years of professional experience in cyber security engineering Security+ Certification or CISSP Certification One (1) year of professional experience with vulnerability analysis tools One (1) year of professional experience maintaining and configuring various operating systems such as Windows, Linux, VxWorks, or other Embedded Operating Systems Clearance Requirement: Must be able to obtain a secret clearance SAIC Overview:SAIC is a premier technology integrator providing full life cycle services and solutions in the technical, engineering, intelligence, and enterprise information technology markets. SAIC is Redefining Ingenuity through its deep customer and domain knowledge to enable the delivery of systems engineering and integration offerings for large, complex projects. SAIC has approximately 15,000 employees are driven by integrity and mission focus to serve customers in the U.S. federal government. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, SAIC has annual revenues of approximately $4.5 billion. For more information, visit saic.com. EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability Job Posting: Mar 11, 2018, 8:50:29 PM Primary Location: United States-PA-PHILADELPHIA Clearance Level Must Currently Possess: None Clearance Level Must Be Able to Obtain: Secret Potential for Teleworking: No Travel: Yes, 50% of the time Shift: Day Job Schedule: Full-time