Nauto is an AI technology company that’s improving the safety of commercial fleets today and the autonomous fleets of tomorrow. Nauto’s intelligent driver safety system assesses how drivers interact with the vehicle and the road ahead to reduce distracted driving and prevent collisions. With this knowledge, Nauto is powering the development of self-driving technology that brings the best of human driving to autonomy. Are you ready to help with this mission? We’re aiming for greater safety and knowledge: Our approach to re-thinking road safety is two-fold: deepen our understanding of real-world drivers to learn how they interact with the vehicle and road, with the goal of reducing distracted driving and preventing collisions before they occur. Second, apply these insights to the development of safe, effective autonomous vehicles that fit into existing traffic patterns and human driving behavior. We’re taking a driver-centric approach: We surface the safety insights that matter most, while protecting the privacy of drivers. By using artificial intelligence on the device, we’re able to detect distractions and immediately warn drivers in real-time. Only a fraction of driving time—such as distractions or other high-risk events—is uploaded to the cloud, where it’s automatically visible to fleet managers via a secure web application so they can then better coach drivers. Investors in Nauto’s $159M series B-round included Softbank, Greylock, Andy Rubin’s Playground Global, Draper Nexus as well as leading strategics including BMW, GM, Toyota, and Allianz Insurance. Responsibilities You will obtain and review quotations for device, components and service contracts PO placement, expedite and de-expedite material per changes of forecast Follow up on material shortage and take initiative on second sourcing Lead time validation on material Resolve invoicing issues and discrepant material problems You negotiate price for assigned items or commodity or service contracts You will manage PPV, ECO, and excess inventory You strive for cost reduction on materials Experience and Skills 4+ years procurement experience in OEM/ CM/ODM environment Excellent communication skills (verbal and written) Ability to exercise tact and good interpersonal skills - Ability to work with engineering and finance teams You demonstrate excellent time management skills, analytical skills and problem solving skills You are results driven and are a self starter with a strong sense of urgency Perks Ground floor opportunity with the team; shape the strategic direction of the company Beautiful modern work space. Many perks including cafe with meals, snacks and drinks provided Exceptional health benefits coverage. Opportunities to get to know your team better through frequent employee events and gatherings Sharp, motivated co-workers in a fun office environment Learning and development opportunities from a highly diverse and talented peer group, including experts in a wide range of fields, from Artificial Intelligence & Computer Vision to Systems & Device Engineering to Support & Operations Nauto is committed to being a diverse and inclusive environment that fosters learning from each other. We celebrate people of diverse backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives. We are an equal opportunity employer with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. Come revolutionize transportation safety and do your best work here at Nauto!