Microsoft is empowering every person and every organization on the planet to do more and achieve more. We have set ourselves three bold ambitions: create more personal computing, reinvent productivity and business processes and build the intelligent cloud. Our culture is centered on embracing a growth mindset, a theme of inspiring excellence and encouraging teams and leaders to bring their best each day. As part of our transformation, one of our key areas of focus is the modernization of our sales motions. The Digital Sales organization is a newly formed organization with a charter to accelerate Microsoft’s growth in its cloud-first, mobile-first businesses along with the traditional businesses. This organization is at the forefront of establishing a new sales model leveraging modern technology and big data and analytics to drive impactful demand response and targeted sales coverage. The Account Executive allows Microsoft to better serve our clients realize the potential of Microsoft Technologies and be at the forefront of the transition to a mobile-first and cloud-first organization. This role is dedicated to increasing revenue and improving customer satisfaction through senior account management working in tandem with Microsoft Partners within a territory of accounts. The Account Executive adds value by developing and maintaining strong customer relationships that include building relationships with executives at the Chief-level (CxO) as well as other Business and Technical Decision Makers within the customers’ organizations. This role is unique in its ability to effectively leverage technology and extensive members of the virtual sales team to build strong relationships with the accounts in its portfolio. It is also unique in its ability to work directly with and through Microsoft Partners to meet customer needs Responsibilities Strong, deep and broad customer and partner relationships: Develop an account strategy and customer contact plan for owned accounts that includes line-of-business contacts and executive-level relationships. Effective and actionable account and territory plans: Lead territory and account planning process that aligns partner and Microsoft resources to maximize revenue, customer satisfaction, and grow share. Healthy predictable pipeline that meets or exceeds quota expectations: Prospect and identify opportunities and coach the virtual sales team on how to maximize opportunity generation. Qualify opportunities and convert them to a customer solution-based scenario. Prepare monthly forecasts and pipeline reports, using Microsoft’s tools and resources. Through-partner wins that displace the competition: Effectively leverage funding programs to accelerate and close deals. Maximize up-sell and cross-sell deals collaborating with the virtual sales and partner team (based on availability) to present customers the Microsoft ‘cloud’ value proposition, for competitive advantage and new solutions, which aligns to the customer’s business objectives and IT initiatives. Joint Account Executive and Partner Sales Executive account team leadership: Collaborate and orchestrate Microsoft and Partner Sales resources at the right time and level by leveraging a deep understanding of individual account team member strengths, perspectives, and goals. Continuous business learning and professional growth: Develop a working knowledge of Microsoft’s transformation, establish peer to peer and mentoring, and leverage all training resources. Qualifications 4-year degree preferred. 4-6+ years of technology related sales or business development experience and passion to work with Education Industry clients Demonstrated ability to consistently exceed quota by driving deals within a Partner ecosystem. Demonstrated understanding of solution selling techniques and selling cloud based solutions. Experienced in building strong, collaborative customer relationships with line-of-business and technical roles. Can navigate a customer through sales negotiations and/or technical presentations via the telephone. Solid knowledge of the business, customers, partners, Microsoft strategy and how they work together. Able to qualify sales opportunities and position partners in the overall sales process. Demonstrated business communication and written skills in the local language. Has passionate attitude for sales and technology as an enabler for a company’s growth. Complex sales training (e.g., Miller Hyman, Spin, Michael Bosworth, Challenger, Holden, Krauthammer, etc.), extensive presentation skills, effective marketing tactics, negotiation, financial analysis, Line of Business applications sales experience, business process consulting or automation, CRM, Employee Performance Management (systems and processes). Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.