If revolutionizing healthcare excites you, join our growing team and help us achieve our mission to build better software for doctors and patients and improve healthcare for all. drchrono was founded and is led by two software engineers, Michael Nusimow and Daniel Kivatinos. Unlike other healthcare companies, our company is built from the ground up to address modern healthcare through technology and innovation. We believe in open APIs and being part of an open ecosystem. We are a YCombinator funded Silicon Valley startup working out of the chronoplex in Sunnyvale, CA and Hunt Valley, Maryland. Since our inception, we have attracted over 100k physicians, 10 million patients, and have been to the White House to discuss how technology can solve healthcare problems as part of the Obama Administration’s Precision Medicine Initiative . So far we’ve booked 20+ million patient appointments and processed 1.5 billion dollars in medical billing per year. drchrono is ranked by INC 500 as one of the fastest growing private companies in America. We are an official Apple Mobility Partner with our industry leading EHR (Electronic Health Records) iPad app. Silicon Valley Business Journal designated drchrono as one of the fastest growing private companies and was voted the 1 mobile Electronic Health Record 5 years in a row by Black Book Rankings. drchrono Engineering team plays a critical role delivering innovative products from inception to mass adoption. You’ll be able to use your expertise and creative talents to build things working closely with product, design, and other departments. We have the mind and soul of SaaS startup and you’ll be able to build world class software that delights users and can scale to millions of people. The ideal candidate will be comfortable in a fluid start- up environment and will bring an energetic, fun and creative approach to their work. You could be an experienced engineer or a recent graduate eager to learn and get involved at all stages of the development lifecycle. In this role, you will... Manage and enhance the billing tools within our product. Innovate and drive improvements to the billing product with a focus on feature development, client customization and code refactoring . Work and communicate regularly with our Quality Assurance and RCM team. Maintain and support data pipeline, warehouse, and analytics. Conduct software testing and troubleshooting. Some projects you may be apart of... Assess, monitor and improve integrations with third party vendors. Have the opportunity to solve complex problems regarding medical billing requirements for both doctors and billing vendors Increase efficiency and develop best practices to help us build a scalable billing platform that help doctors run their practice more efficiently . Leveraging AI & machine learning to enhance our billing accuracy and reduce the billing claim rejection. We are excited to use data to help improve our processes. Learn commonly used CPT codes for different types of doctors and different types of ailments (icd10/ icd9/ SNOMED). Learning an optimized fee schedule (preference list of billing codes with associated billing amounts) will help new doctors setup a practice and help others improve their current billing codes to get more payment from insurance. Predict whether a claim will get accepted or rejected or denied. Make suggestions for a claim to: Improve its chances for getting accepted and increase revenue for the doctor from the claim. You have... 1+ year experience writing production backend code in Python (preferably Django). 1+ year experience in writing scalable and maintainable software. Demonstrated understanding of front-end technologies, including modern Javascript using AngularJS, HTML and CSS. Bachelor’s degree in Computer or Software Engineering. An analytical mindset in a problem-solving, results-oriented environment. Clear communication skills when it comes to reporting needs and answering technical and service questions. A passion for using the latest advancements in tech to fix the healthcare industry. ABOUT DRCHRONO drchrono is a medical platform for doctors and patients. We are crafting only the best mobile healthcare experience, with a focus on iPad, iPhone, Apple Watch and web. The driving force of our efforts is in changing the way people engage and experience healthcare through electronic health records. We’re building some fascinating stuff. We are a Silicon Valley startup, working out of the chronoplex in SUNNYVALE, CA and Hunt Valley, Maryland. Our focus is on building artistic, intricate, and useful products. You would be part of an entrepreneurial, sharp, capable and curious team. Since our inception, we have attracted over 100k physicians, 10 million patients. So far we’ve booked 20+ million patient appointments and processed 1.5 billion dollars in medical billing per year. drchrono is ranked by INC 500 as one of the fastest growing private companies in America. Silicon Valley Business Journal designated drchrono as one of the fastest growing private companies and was voted the 1 mobile Electronic Health Record 6 years in a row by Black Book Rankings. OUR MISSION We are always asking ourselves, how can we make physicians and patients life better through technology? Our team works on making healthcare better day by day. What we do and look for in people we work with- We don’t settle. Passion, be inspired. Develop entrepreneurs. Put a dent in the universe through healthcare. No global movement springs from individuals. It takes an entire team united behind something big. Have questions? Checkout drchrono.com/careers and drchrono.com/tv.