S &A-Analytics and Cognitive Robotics and Cognitive Automation Manager/Architect Work you’ll do As a RCA Manager/Architect at Deloitte you will manage and deliver components of client engagements that identify, design, and implement technology and creative RCA solutions for large companies. Key responsibilities will include: Participate in pre-sales client workshops, provide solution architect /technical architect support to the teams in RFI/RFP process Analyze client processes, identify automation opportunities, define RCA value proposition, reengineer process to improve automation potential and recommend RCA approach/strategy Develop Detail As Is Process Description - PDD (Process Description Document), Detail To Be Automated Process Description - SDD (Solution Design Document) Conduct RCA High Level Assessments Develop RCA client architecture and solution proposal focusing on scalability and extensibility Work with the Project Managers and Business Analysts to develop high level project plans for implementation projects Have exposure to wide variety of technology problems and their solutions and use that to drive the adoption of best practices around coding, design, quality, and performance in the team Provides continuous advice to RCA developers and Project Manager during project delivery Also, Manager key responsibilities include: Manage teams in the identification of business requirements, functional design, process design (including scenario design, flow mapping), prototyping, testing, training, defining support procedures. Formulate planning, budgeting, forecasting and reporting strategies. Manage full life cycle implementations. Develop statements of work and/or client proposals. Identify business opportunities to increase usability and profitability of information architecture. Experience with program leadership, governance and change enablement. Develop and manage vendor relationships. Lead workshops for client education. Manage resources and budget on client projects. Assist and drive the team by providing oversight. The team Analytics & Cognitive In this age of disruption, organizations need to navigate the future with confidence, embracing decision making with clear, data-driven choices that deliver enterprise value in a dynamic business environment. The Analytics & Cognitive team leverages the power of data, analytics, robotics, science and cognitive technologies to uncover hidden relationships from vast troves of data, generate insights, and inform decision-making. Together with the Strategy practice, our Strategy & Analytics portfolio helps clients transform their business by architecting organizational intelligence programs and differentiated strategies to win in their chosen markets. Analytics & Cognitive will work with our clients to: Implement large-scale data ecosystems including data management, governance and the integration of structured and unstructured data to generate insights leveraging cloud-based platforms Leverage automation, cognitive and science-based techniques to manage data, predict scenarios and prescribe actions Drive operational efficiency by maintaining their data ecosystems, sourcing analytics expertise and providing As-a-Service offerings for continuous insights and improvements Qualifications 6+ years of relevant RCA Analytics consulting or industry experience At least 3 years of experience in Robotic Process Automations (RCA) with one of the market leading RCA platforms : Automation Anywhere, BluePrism and/or UIPath Minimum 3 years of process design and process improvement experience Minimum 5 years of experience in programming (.NET, Java, ETL etc.) Demonstrated expertise with at least 3 full life cycle analytics or systems integration engagements across strategy, design and implementation. 2+ years experience leading and managing project teams Bachelor's Degree or equivalent professional experience. Ability to travel 80-100% of the time (Monday – Thursday/Friday) Preferred: Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science Certification in Enterprise Architecture (e.g. TOGAF). Ability to work independently, manage small engagements or parts of large engagements. Strong oral and written communication skills, including presentation skills (MS Visio, MS PowerPoint). Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills with the ability to exercise mature judgment. How you’ll grow At Deloitte, our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day. From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there’s always room to learn. We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs at Deloitte University, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career. Explore Deloitte University, The Leadership Center. Benefits At Deloitte, we know that great people make a great organization. We value our people and offer employees a broad range of benefits. Learn more about what working at Deloitte can mean for you. Deloitte’s culture Our positive and supportive culture encourages our people to do their best work every day. We celebrate individuals by recognizing their uniqueness and offering them the flexibility to make daily choices that can help them to be healthy, centered, confident, and aware. We offer well-being programs and are continuously looking for new ways to maintain a culture where our people excel and lead healthy, happy lives. Learn more about Life at Deloitte. Corporate citizenship Deloitte is led by a purpose: to make an impact that matters. This purpose defines who we are and extends to relationships with our clients, our people and our communities. We believe that business has the power to inspire and transform. We focus on education, giving, skill-based volunteerism, and leadership to help drive positive social impact in our communities. Learn more about Deloitte’s impact on the world. Recruiter tips We want job seekers exploring opportunities at Deloitte to feel prepared and confident. To help you with your interview, we suggest that you do your research: know some background about the organization and the business area you’re applying to. Check out recruiting tips from Deloitte professionals. As used in this posting, “Deloitte” means Deloitte Consulting LLP, a subsidiary of Deloitte LLP. Please see www.deloitte.com/us/about for a detailed description of the legal structure of Deloitte LLP and its subsidiaries. Certain services may not be available to attest clients under the rules and regulations of public accounting. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or protected veteran status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law. Deloitte will consider for employment all qualified applicants, including those with criminal histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local laws. See notices of various ban-the-box laws where available. https://www2.deloitte.com/us/en/pages/careers/articles/ban-the-box- notices.html