TEAM UP WITH US! Armanino LLP is one of the largest Microsoft Dynamics partners in the nation as a value-added reseller (VAR) and implementation partner for Microsoft Dynamics Finance & Operations, Dynamics GP, and Dynamics CRM. We are looking for an entry-level Dynamics 365 Supply Chain Consultant who will join an innovative and entrepreneurial firm that makes a positive impact on the lives of their clients and their people. DO YOU HAVE WHAT IT TAKES? As a Microsoft Dynamics 365 Supply Chain Consultant you will play a crucial role in client implementation projects by conducting necessary reviews, analysis of the client’s supply chain processes and consulting with the client and project team according to ensure the project’s success. The ideal candidate has a growth mindset and willingness to learn these modules: Sales and marketing, Procurement and sourcing, Inventory and warehouse management, Master planning, Product and information management, Production control, Quality control, Human resources, Advanced warehouse management, Transportation management, Data Migration Framework, VSTS. This position combines a strong focus on technical abilities with an equally important emphasis on client facing interpersonal skills. To achieve success our consultants demonstrate the ability to learn quickly, communicate ideas effectively, define and lead team efforts and utilize flexibility and creativity to present a variety of solutions. WHAT YOU'LL DO Lead client projects around training, requirements gathering, customization, integration, custom application development, process design, and systems implementations. Work as an individual contributor and as part of a team to support client work. Gather system functional requirements, analyze, design and develop, test, and deploy mission critical business solutions. Develop administrative, professional and interpersonal skills to the extent of being able to organize, analyze and communicate with both fellow staff and client personnel in a productive and efficient manner. Develop an understanding of related accounting, financial and development software. Demonstrate and enhance supply chain management concepts and research techniques, in order to exercise discretion and make judgments on how to configure the system WHAT YOU'LL NEED Undergraduate or Master’s Degree with a concentration in Information Systems, Operations management, Finance/Accounting or Computer Science or equivalent. 0-2 years of Microsoft Dynamics AX or D365 F&O; implementation experience, or other implementation software. APICS certification or curriculum is a plus. Experience with enterprise resource planning systems using Manufacturing or Trade/Logistics modules. Ability to work independently and as a team player and effectively meet project deliverables on time. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Possess excellent analytical reasoning, problem solving and multi-tasking skills. Excellent work ethic, positive energy and able to maintain a professional presence in difficult client facing situations. Thrive on continuous learning and improvement. Willingness to travel to client sites within the U.S. Now, the fine print... _Armanino LLP provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Armanino LLP complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training._ _Armanino LLP expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status. Improper interference with the ability of Armanino LLP’s employees to perform their job duties may result in discipline up to and including discharge._ _For positions based in San Francisco, consistent with the SF Fair Chance Ordinance, an arrest and conviction record will not automatically disqualify a qualified applicant from consideration._