The Opportunity Leveraging our industry leading clinical reference and content resources, Elsevier Clinical Solutions is building decision support and clinical pathway solutions to improve clinical decision making and reduce variability in care. We are seeking a Senior Director of Health Informatics to play a key role in building and delivering clinical decision support solutions integrated in provider workflows. Key Responsibilities · Deliver informatics leadership to health informatics teams and other product teams within clinical solutions, including advanced decision support and clinical pathways. · Participate in development and evaluation of advanced clinical decision support solutions, engaging with clinicians and allied health professionals to provide real-time market feedback. · Engage customers and users to inform the product development lifecycle, with a focus on understanding and translating clinical workflows. · Collaborate with HIT and EHR partners including to optimize delivery of Elsevier solutions including CDS, order sets, and care plans. · Support identification and sourcing of CDS, guideline, and pathways evidence. · Provide guidance to Content Teams by serving as a clinical informatics expert iand advising on knowledge management best practices. · Participate in and lead a broad range of informatics initiatives across Elsevier including artificial intelligence, NLP, analytics, and clinical research. · Serve as a subject matter expert on clinical informatics trends and best practices, educating internal and external customers on emerging trends, standards, and regulations. Elsevier is a global information analytics business that helps institutions and professionals progress science, advance healthcare and improve performance for the benefit of humanity. We help researchers make new discoveries, collaborate with their colleagues, and give them the knowledge they need to find funding. We help governments and universities evaluate and improve their research strategies. We help doctors save lives, providing insight for physicians to find the right clinical answers, and we support nurses and other healthcare professionals throughout their careers. Elsevier provides digital solutions and tools in the areas of strategic research management, R&D performance, clinical decision support, and professional education; including ScienceDirect , Scopus , SciVal , ClinicalKey and Sherpath . Elsevier publishes over 2,500 digitized journals, including _The Lancet_ and _Cell_ , more than 35,000 e-book titles and many iconic reference works, including _Gray’s Anatomy_. Elsevier is part of RELX Group, a global provider of information and analytics for professionals and business customers across industries. Elsevier employs over 7,000 people in more than 70 offices worldwide. We are an employer of choice, attracting and developing talented and creative people who thrive in a challenging and fast-paced environment. We offer an excellent compensation and benefits package as well as a real opportunity for career growth in a growing organization. Elsevier is an equal opportunity employer: qualified applicants are considered for and treated during employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, sex, national origin, citizenship status, disability status, protected veteran status, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. If a qualified individual with a disability or disabled veteran needs a reasonable accommodation to use or access our online system, that individual should please contact 1.877.734.1938 or accommodations@relx.com . Professional Experience and Qualifications · Passion and enthusiasm for improvement in the quality and cost efficiency of patient care across the U.S. and globally · 2-5 years of experience in informatics and healthcare information technology.. · Extensive experience with electronic health records, decision support, quality measurement, and analytics. · Advanced knowledge of, and experience with established and emerging standards including medical terminologies and taxonomies such as SNOMED-CT, ICD-9/ICD-10, LOINC, RxNORM, UMLS, CPT, NDC, HL-7 FHIR, CDS Hooks, etc.. · Familiar with authoring clinical content/machine interpretable clinical logic for clinical decision support and quality measures. · Analytics experience with structured clinical data and information retrieval from unstructured clinical data. · Ability to work effectively in a collaborative and diverse team environment across Elsevier Clinical Solutions while being personally accountable for individual and team results. · Demonstrated extensive experience with one or more of the major electronic health records systems. · Expertise in the following areas the following: order sets, care plans, reference solutions, clinical pathways, intelligent decision support tools, precision medicine, learning management systems, drug information solutions, and/or additional clinical decision support and workflow solutions. EDUCATION · Advanced training in informatics, computer science, or engineering; Master’s Degree or equivalent experience in informatics preferred. · Physician training and experience preferred (MD/DO) Upon acceptance of this role, the selected internal candidate will be required to sign a Restrictive Covenants Agreement which includes Non-Solicitation, Non-Disclosure and for certain roles a Non-Competition Agreement as a condition of placement into the role. Elsevier is a global information analytics business that helps institutions and professionals progress science, advance healthcare and improve performance for the benefit of humanity. We help researchers make new discoveries, collaborate with their colleagues, and give them the knowledge they need to find funding. We help governments and universities evaluate and improve their research strategies. We help doctors save lives, providing insight for physicians to find the right clinical answers, and we support nurses and other healthcare professionals throughout their careers. Elsevier provides digital solutions and tools in the areas of strategic research management, R&D performance, clinical decision support, and professional education; including ScienceDirect , Scopus , SciVal , ClinicalKey and Sherpath . Elsevier publishes over 2,500 digitized journals, including _The Lancet_ and _Cell_ , more than 35,000 e-book titles and many iconic reference works, including _Gray’s Anatomy_. Elsevier is part of RELX Group, a global provider of information and analytics for professionals and business customers across industries. Elsevier employs over 7,000 people in more than 70 offices worldwide. We are an employer of choice, attracting and developing talented and creative people who thrive in a challenging and fast-paced environment. We offer an excellent compensation and benefits package as well as a real opportunity for career growth in a growing organization. Elsevier is an equal opportunity employer: qualified applicants are considered for and treated during employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, sex, national origin, citizenship status, disability status, protected veteran status, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. If a qualified individual with a disability or disabled veteran needs a reasonable accommodation to use or access our online system, that individual should please contact 1.877.734.1938 or accommodations@relx.com .