The rank of Investigator/Intelligence analyst is a specialized position within the Investigation Division. The Investigator/Intelligence analyst is responsible for developing Field Intelligence Reports and sharing this information with authorized members of the department. The Investigator/Intelligence Analyst of the Saint Regis Mohawk Tribal Police Department shall meet on a regular basis with counterparts of Local, State and Federal departments to share information. The Investigator/Intelligence Analyst shall report directly to the Investigation Lieutenant. The Investigator/Intelligence Analyst shall maintain an open line of communication with members of the Uniform Force. In addition to the Intelligence Analyst duties, the Investigator/Intelligence Analyst may be required to conduct investigations commensurate with the rank of Investigator. When the Investigator/Investigative Analyst responds to an incident, if they are the first responder of the Investigation Division, they will take over and be responsible for the scene as well as assuming responsibility for supervising the Technical aspects of the investigation. The Investigator/Intelligence Analyst shall assume all other duties as assigned by the Investigation Lieutenant or higher authority. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following: Conducting follow up investigations on intelligence matters as directed by the Investigation Lieutenant. Insure that the Investigation Lieutenant is kept informed of Intelligence/Investigations assigned to the Investigation Division. Review cases under investigation with the members of the Uniform force, on a regular basis. Frequently review the training needs with the Investigation Lieutenant to insure needs of the Investigation Division are met. Review changes in the law that affect the Investigation Division with the Investigation Lieutenant to insure that all members of the department are made aware of the changes. Ensuring correct and efficient completion of intelligence gathering and/or investigative assignments including submission of timely and accurate reports. Ensuring that excellent work performed by members of the Uniform Force relating to intelligence obtained is brought to the attention of the Investigation Lieutenant. Ability to conduct extensive interviews with victims, witnesses and suspects and reduce the information to written statements Conduct investigations of burglaries, robberies and other serious crimes as directed by the Investigation Lieutenant. Prepare search warrants and other court documents. Ability to testify in court on investigations conducted. Ability to prepare case documents from notes taken during the investigation process. Requesting specialized units when needed (e.g. snow mobiles, All Terrain Vehicles, boats, personal watercraft etc.). Responding to the scene of serious incidents or major felonies and make notifications as per current Rules and Regulations. Initial crime scene management. Promoting fiscal responsibility within the Investigation Division. Perform the duties of the Detective Sergeant in the Detective Sergeants absence. Carrying out other duties not listed as directed by the Investigation Lieutenant or other higher competent authority. QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENTS : To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to interact with other professionals in the specialized field of Law Enforcement Intelligence and analysis. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. OTHER SKILLS and ABILITIES: Strong oral and written communication skills required in conjunction with the following: The ability to gather, analyze and disseminate critical intelligence information to members of the Saint Regis Mohawk Tribal Police department as well as other law enforcement agencies. Thorough knowledge of the principles and practices of modern police administration and police methods. Thorough knowledge of state statutes and codes, federal guidelines and protocols, and local ordinances relating to law enforcement. Knowledge of the investigative process. Experienced in the use of computers with standard office software. Ability to plan, organize, and direct the work of police officers at crime scenes when required. Assist the Investigation Lieutenant in the development of proper training and instructional procedures relating to the field of Criminal Intelligence. Accurately assess the potential consequences of alternative courses of action and select the one, which is most acceptable and appropriate. Recognize potentially dangerous situations and to act decisively to protect persons and property from harm. Prepare and present concise and meaningful oral and written material relating to the activities of the Division. Create and maintain effective working relationships with the District Attorneys and court officials as well as, Town officials, department heads, State and Federal authorities, and civic leaders. Work effectively with the public. Work under physically and emotionally stressful situations. REASONING ABILITY: Ability to solve practical problems and deal with a variety of variable situations. Ability to interpret a variety of instructions furnished in written, oral, diagram, or schedule form. Must be at least 21 years of age. Have and maintain a valid driver’s license with a clean drivers abstract in accordance with the Saint Regis Mohawk Tribe’s Fleet Policy. Download the application instruction package. NATIVE PREFERENCE POLICY The Saint Regis Mohawk Tribe strives to be an equal opportunity employer dedicated to the policy of nondiscrimination based on race, sex, marital status, sexual orientation, religion, national origin, age, physical disability, veteran status or any other non-job related factor. Among qualified applicants, the SRMT will give preference to the qualified native applicant. DRUG TESTING POLICY The successful applicant for employment must submit to and pass a drug test for illegal substances prior to employment being confirmed. BACKGROUND CHECK Some positions require candidate(s) to successfully pass a criminal background check prior to beginning employment, used solely for employment related purposes. ELIGIBILITY LIST A list of qualified candidates is created from interviews that may be used to appoint individuals to similar positions within the Saint Regis Mohawk Tribe for a period of six months. INTERVIEW Testing in the applicable skills may be required as part of the interview process.