Geek Squad Double Agents are the masters of many skill sets and handle anything from diagnosing and repairing electronic devices to installing major appliances to wiring an entire home entertainment system. As a Double Agent, you’ll travel via Geekmobile to the client’s home and facilitate a seamless client experience by providing a complete solution for their needs. Our Double Agents handle many tasks, including delivery, repair, networking, installation, technical advice and assist with product recommendations and future service appointments. If you enjoy working with clients, are a master of many skills, and enjoy sharing that knowledge with others, join our Geek Squad team today. Responsibilities include: Delivery, troubleshooting, installation, and repair at client’s location Phone and in-person contact with clients to reveal diagnostic discoveries and make recommendations for protecting and defending client products Provide timely updates to the client and the precinct Promptly and accurately complete all administrative work Actively seek opportunities to increase and leverage skills Support Geek Squad efforts to protect the world, one device at a time Basic Qualifications: 1 year home theater installation/repair or related experience Appropriate certifications and/or licenses according to state law 21 years of age or more Current valid driver's license and clear driving record (Double Agents who work exclusively in the Manhattan, New York area are exempt from this requirement) Lift or maneuver 75 lb. with/without reasonable accommodation and team lift up to 150 lb. What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Geek Squad and Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.