AgilOne, the Customer Data and Engagement Hub, provides enterprise consumer marketers the power to integrate customer data across digital, physical, and mobile channels, deliver customer analytics with predictive insights and 360-degree profiles, and engage customers at every touch point in order to maximize lifetime value. Currently, the AgilOne solution supports more than 150 brands worldwide. We leverage the latest technologies in big data, machine learning and data quality management to deliver an enterprise-grade, scalable and high performance tool for customers such as Tumi, Lululemon, Lilly Pulitzer and David’s Tea. AgilOne is looking for a Data Analyst to join our Technical Support Team to help provide comprehensive technical application support and analysis in a fast-paced SaaS environment. In the role, one must be able to work directly with customers in high-pressure situations; have strong analytic, organizational, time management, and communication skills. We’re looking for a team player that possesses the willingness to do whatever it takes to achieve the highest level of customer satisfaction. This role is cross-functional interacting with Engineering, Operations and Professional Services teams. Responsibilities: Maintain a detailed understanding of product architecture, technical components and application functionality Troubleshoot product and data anomalies Use sound problem-solving skills, interact directly with customers attempting to isolate, reproduce, troubleshoot and resolve problems using available systems and tools Participate in the creation of and adding to Knowledge articles, Troubleshooting Guides, FAQ’s, and other related support collateral. Proven ability to mentor and display leadership and ownership of issues Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in information technology, computer science or a related field 2+ years of experience in a data analytics position Experience with SQL, TSql, PL/SQL or similar database programming language experience Strong written and verbal communication skills with experience communicating at all levels of client organizations. Ability to function and thrive in a team environment with an appreciation of aggressive goals ntellectual curiosity, along with excellent problem-solving and quantitative skills, including the ability to disaggregate issues and identify root causes. Experience in a SaaS environment is a plus Familiarity with “Big Data” concepts