. From small businesses to some of the world’s best-known brands, our clients count on reliable financial statements, information and processes to form their ongoing strategies. More than ever, business is about interpreting and reacting to complex data - and they look to us for advice and services they can trust every time. It’s a role with far-reaching implications, so you’ll be working with stakeholders across industries with some of the most innovative tools available. The opportunity You’ll help our clients understand the processes involved to integrating analytics that provide meaningful insights into accounting and reporting matters. In return, you can expect leading-class learning and development tailored to your unique interests and motivations. You’ll be given all the skills, knowledge and opportunities to progress and become ready to build a better working world for our people, our clients and the communities that support us. Your key responsibilities Everything you’ll do will come back to providing exceptional analytical data for our clients. Colleagues and clients from a diverse array of backgrounds will look to you first for answers, so you’ll be a high-profile contact when it comes to understanding complex data analytics. As you build your knowledge and experience, you’ll become a credible advisor, influencing clients and engagement teams on resolutions that will impact future analytics delivery and processes. Skills and attributes for success Leading fieldwork, managing performance and keeping engagement leaders updated on the latest data analysis methodologies, and suite of analytical tools Acting as a subject matter expert in advising clients to gain greater insight into their data and the value that data analytics can bring to an organisation Engaging clients and providing authoritative advice and professionalism throughout transactions Constantly developing your understanding of current market trends and processes and sharing your knowledge to develop junior colleagues Understanding our clients’ unique ambitions and needs and referring them to colleagues in other teams and areas to broaden our business relationships where possible To qualify for the role you must have A bachelor’s degree in an accounting, finance or business discipline, supported by 1 to 2 years’ work experience in data analysis, capture, transformation, and understanding business processes CPA, CISA or PMP certification (or equivalent) required Competence in using database management software, statistical and predictive machine learning software and link analysis / data visualization software Relevant knowledge of data analysis and strong analytical skills in related software, including MS SQL Server, SQL SSIS, MS Excel, MS Access, ACL or similar software Experience of advising external clients on insights and strategies related to data analytics, ideally in the audit domain. Proven project management skills Excellent communication and negotiation skills and a collaborative approach to management The flexibility to constantly learn and adapt in a fast-paced environment Ideally you’ll have Relevant knowledge of other analytics tools is a plus, e.g. BI/visualization, data extraction, data transformation, ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) specific tools (e.g. SAP, Oracle), or similar tools What we look for We’re interested in leaders with a genuine creative vision and the confidence to make it happen. You can expect plenty of autonomy in this role, so you’ll also need the ability to take initiative and seek out opportunities to improve our current relationships and processes. If you’re serious about auditing and ready to take on some of our clients’ most complex issues, this role is for you. What working at EY offers We offer a competitive compensation package where you’ll be rewarded based on your performance and recognized for the value you bring to our business. In addition, our Total Rewards package includes medical and dental coverage, both pension and 401(k) plans, a minimum of 15 days of vacation plus ten observed holidays and three paid personal days, and a range of programs and benefits designed to support your physical, financial and social well-being. Plus, we offer: Support, coaching and feedback from some of the most engaging colleagues in the industry Opportunities to develop new skills and progress in your career The freedom and flexibility to handle your role in a way that’s right for you About EY As a global leader in assurance, tax, transaction and advisory services, we hire and develop the most passionate people in their field to help build a better working world. This starts with a culture that believes in giving you the training, opportunities and creative freedom to make things better. So that whenever you join, however long you stay, the exceptional EY experience lasts a lifetime. If you can confidently demonstrate that you meet the criteria above, please contact us as soon as possible. Join us in building a better working world. Apply now. EY, an equal employment opportunity employer (Females/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Disabled), values the diversity of our workforce and the knowledge of our people.