Job Description Intel Labs is seeking motivated researcher in the area of machine learning and high performance computing research. This is a full-time position with the Parallel Computing Lab. The Parallel Computing Lab researches new algorithms, architectures, and approaches to address the most challenging compute- and data-intensive applications. We are focused on delivering new Intel software and hardware technologies that will transform the enterprise and technical computing experience. We work in close collaboration with leading academic and industry partners to accomplish our mission. In this position, you will be responsible for conceiving, researching, and prototyping new machine learning and high performance computing techniques, and you will develop relevant software and hardware technologies with the goal of converting these into products and fueling Intel’s growth. This requires an understanding of state-of-the-art techniques in machine learning and high performance computing algorithms, language/runtime opportunities for improving programmer productivity, along with a deep understanding of computer architecture. You may also participate in the development of intellectual property. Behavioral Traits: You must possess strong verbal and written communication skills and the demonstrated ability to work in a demanding team-oriented environment. This is an entry level position and will be compensated accordingly. Qualifications You must possess the minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position. Preferred qualifications are in addition to the minimum qualifications and are considered a plus factor in identifying top candidates. Experience would be obtained through your educational level research and/or relevant job/internship experiences. Minimum Qualifications: The candidate must have a PhD in Electrical Engineering or Computer Engineering or relevant engineering discipline At least 1+ year of Experience in the following: Machine Learning / Deep Learning and/or High performance computing. Preferred Qualifications: Experience in the following: Middleware/runtime systems. Computer architecture. Performance profiling and characterization Experience in the development of machine learning and high performance computing techniques. Experience in functional and/or object-oriented programming (e.g., C , Java, etc.) Inside this Business Group Intel Labs is the company's world-class, industry leading research organization, responsible for driving Intel's technology pipeline and creating new opportunities. The mission of Intel Labs is to deliver breakthrough technologies to fuel Intel's growth. This includes identifying and exploring compelling new technologies and high risk opportunities ahead of business unit investment and demonstrating first-to-market technologies and innovative new usages for computing technology. Intel Labs engages the leading thinkers in academia and industry in addition to partnering closely with Intel business units. Other Locations US, Oregon, Hillsboro Posting Statement. Intel prohibits discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other legally protected status.