In just a little over a decade, PitchBook has grown into a global organization with offices in Seattle, San Francisco, New York and London. With consistent high double-digit growth since 2009, the company has become the industry’s leading source of private market data, serving more than 3,000 clients around the world. As a three-time winner of the Best Workplaces in Washington award, PitchBook is committed to fostering an open, collaborative work environment driven by excellence, inclusion and fun. Our culture is at the heart of our success, and it’s something we work on every day. Product Analysts at PitchBook are responsible for anything and everything regarding our usage data from how it is implemented to the delivery of thoughtful analysis that is actionable by product and business leaders. We are looking for analysts that will be drivers of a data-informed culture at PitchBook- Analysts that can deliver concise insights from our datasets. Using your analytical and data-driven mind, you will help product managers refine their questions into measurable indicators and be the one to turn heaps of ambiguous data into insights about our customers. If successful, your work will influence the direction of the product roadmap and even the future of our business. Are you smart, curious, and learn faster than most? Join us. Responsibilities Turn thoughtful data analysis into clear actionable business decisions Work with Product Management to translate business questions and desired user behaviors into detailed logging specifications and hypotheses Explore open-ended questions on past feature releases to explain user behaviors and provide prescriptive analyses – tell us if there is a needle in the haystack Produce KPI dashboards that inform product teams if their work is hitting the mark Collaborate with Business Intelligence and engineering to create simple, scalable data pipelines, tracking frameworks and automated reporting Handle ad hoc questions from Product teams needing to make data-informed decisions Present exploratory findings to senior leadership team and broader product team regularly Requirements 3 years working as a data analyst. Able to easily extract key takeaways from data in plain English. Your colleagues would describe you as “Good at SQL”. Experience visualizing data and creating metric dashboards/reports (Bonus points if you know Tableau or Power BI) Detail-Oriented- willing to roll up the sleeves to drudge through ambiguous datasets and ensure reporting accuracy Bonus Degree in a quantitative field like Math, Physics, Statistics, Economics, Computer Science, OR demonstrated ability to handle complex problems using quantitative means Proficient in Excel and bonus if knowledgeable in at least one scripting language (preferably Python) Firm grasp of statistical analysis, mathematical concepts, experimental process, and common pitfalls of data analysis Passion for data Demonstrated ability to influence outcomes and decisions. Make your work actionable! (not just report on analytics) Exceptional interpersonal skills allowing you to influence smart, fast paced and passionate product people/senior leaders Company Overview At PitchBook, we provide transparency into the capital markets by organizing the world’s meaningful business information and making it useful to our customers. We work tirelessly to arm global professionals with comprehensive data on the entire venture capital, private equity and M &A; landscape—including companies, investors, funds, investments, exits and people—so they can discover and execute opportunities with confidence. Our data and analysis are available through our award-winning flagship product, the PitchBook Platform, as well as our powerful suite of integrated tools, industry news and in-depth reports. If you are ready to start the conversation about how you might contribute to all the happenings at PitchBook, submit your resume today! PitchBook appreciates and respects diversity, and as such, we are an equal opportunity employer.