Division: Postal, Parcel, and Airport Logistics Business Unit: Logistics and Airport Solutions Requisition Number: 229738 Primary Location: United States-Texas-Irving Assignment Category: Full-time regular Experience Level: Mid level Education Required Level: Bachelor's Degree Travel Required: 10% Division Description: Siemens Postal, Parcel & Airport Logistics LLC is a provider of logistics industry products and solutions. The business comprises a comprehensive portfolio in mail & parcel logistics and automation, airport logistics with baggage handling and air cargo, as well as service offerings supporting our customers with maintenance, operation and optimization. Our customers are airports & airlines, courier express parcel providers, the US Postal Service and commercial postal service providers. Job Description: Siemens Postal, Parcel & Airport Logistics is looking for an experienced Postal Test Integration Manager to manage a multifaceted engineering organization responsible for System Test, Network Design, Requirements Engineering, and Technical Writing. This role will work with various engineering disciplines (SW, FW, Mechanical, Electrical), PM, PLM and Quality to create viable customer solutions and meet organizational business goals. Responsibilities Provide guidance and mentoring to team members to ensure adherence to organizational strategies and processes. Set performance targets, conduct employee performance and merit reviews in accordance to the business needs. Review technical proposals and oversee bidding activities. Possess a clear understanding of a Matrix Organization to ensure adequate staffing of all projects. Designs the definition of the most complex projects, selecting sources and monitoring results. Designs and leads the most complex processes and technical support to production, marketing, sales, and/or other departments. Manages the most complex projects and leads project organization, definition, planning, implementation and control. Designs and manages technical standards, and leads the development of the most complex technology design theory and procedures. Leads cross-functional initiatives to develop the most complex specifications reflecting user requirements and business criteria. Required Skills and Experience Experience in managing or leading large technical teams. Working knowledge of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and various test methodology. Familiar with the latest technology trends in hardware/software engineering, system test and systems engineering. Strong focus on software quality and customer satisfaction. Strong verbal and written communication skills. Required Knowledge/Skills, Education, and Experience Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Computer Engineering, or Electrical Engineering. Typically manages multiple exempt-level employees and/or other managers. 10+ years of successful experience in a directly related field and successful demonstration of Key Responsibilities and Knowledge as presented above. Demonstrates full understanding and application of management approaches for work direction, motivation, and performance management Qualified Applicants must be legally authorized for employment in the United States. Qualified Applicants will not require employer sponsored work authorization now or in the future for employment in the United States. LI