Comcast’s Technology & Product organization works at the intersection of media and technology. Our innovative teams are continually developing and delivering products that transform the customer experience. From creating apps like TVGo to new features such as the Talking Guide on the X1 platform, we work every day to make a positive impact through innovation in the pursuit of building amazing products that are enjoyable, easy to use and accessible across all platforms. The team also develops and supports our evolving network architecture, including next-generation consumer systems and technologies, infrastructure and engineering, network integration and management tools, and technical standards. At Comcast Innovation Labs, you'll experience the benefits of working in a dynamic, entrepreneurial environment, while leveraging the resources of one of the world's leading media and internet companies. We provide a highly customer-centric, team-oriented environment in our offices located in Sunnyvale, CaliforniaTo succeed in this role you should be part Research Scientist, Futurist, Maker, and Entrepreneur. You should have a passion for technology and a desire to help shape the futureYou are going to love this job because you will: Be immersed in a team of innovative and high caliber computer scientists, engineers and machine intelligence experts in a collegial and fun environment. Work on solving unique and hard problems with data science, machine learning and Artificial Intelligence that are of value in the real world. Create world-class products, solutions and cutting edge concepts. Build on Comcast's tools, platforms and vast technical resources. Work in a highly visible, dynamic team that provides continuous opportunities for learning and growth. Have access to a wide range of data, exciting projects and technologies Join a company with a strong commitment to our teams maintaining a healthy work life balance and providing a top tier benefits program Research, analyses, architect and develop emerging concepts related to AI/ML and HMI Engage and partner with top tier universities, companies, research labs and start-ups across the technology landscape to explore new concepts and theories Develop research paper, following technology trends and report key finding / insights to the company As a Principal Data Scientist in Comcast Labs you will: Design and develop, and analyze data, systems, methods, tools and technologies Apply machine learning, deep learning, and NLP methods to massive data sets and complex systems. Be a respected SME acting as an internal technology consultant to the Senior leadership of Comcast. Design, implement, and deploy full-stack solutions for millions of Comcast customers. Investigate and solve exciting and difficult challenges in data science, machine learning, classification, content analysis, and deep learning. Research and develop innovative, scalable and dynamic solutions to hard problems. Review analyze and report on technologies, methods, research and trends Be a valued contributor in shaping the future of our products and services. Collaborate witha cross functional agile team of software engineers, data engineers, ML experts, and others to address challenges head on. Help to drive thought, strategy and process across out Technology, Products and Experiences. Bring your experience designing, developing and implementing data pipelines, systems and solutions at scale. Care aboutagile software processes, data-driven development, reliability, responsible experimentation, deep technical / scientific research. Skills & Qualifications: A Bachelor's or Master Degree in Computer Science or related field, with a focus on data science / machine learning is preferred. A minimum of 5 years of hands on experience in data science or machine learning 3+ years' experience in data engineering, analytics and /or business intelligence At least 3 years of experience in C++, C or Java At least 2 years of current experience in Deep Learning. Hands-on experience with deep learning and neural networks Highly proficient in Python and SQL Proficient in Tensor Flow, Keras, Theano Experience with Jupyter notebooks and docker containers Strong mathematics, statistics, and data analytics abilities Have solid understanding of both relational and NoSQL database technologies. Skilled working with stream & batch data, extremely large data sets Experience developing and presenting highly technical concepts to executives Preferred Qualifications: Experience leading small technical teams (2-5 people) and project management Track record of successful projects in data engineering, and machine learning product Experience with advanced data analytics and visualization techniques. Experience with advanced machine learning techniques, complex data pipelines, ingest and configurations systems. Experience developing for and leveraging distributed computing or GPU systems / frameworks Experience developing / implementing predictive solutions and anomaly detection in large scale systems. Prior experience in a research or labs environments, exploring and evaluating new technologies or products, publishing research, creating white papers etc. Experience in complex networks, big data, mobile, media and /or wireless environments Experience with data processing and storage frameworks like Hadoop, Scala, Spark, Storm, Cassandra, Kafka, etc. Excellent communication skills, solid work ethic, and a strong desire to write production-quality code. Comcast is an EOE/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT employer