About Us Republic Services is an industry leader in U.S. recycling and non-hazardous solid waste. Through our subsidiaries, Republic’s collection companies, recycling centers, transfer stations, and landfills focus on providing effective solutions to make proper waste disposal effortless for our 14 million customers. We’ll handle it from here, our brand promise, lets customers know they can count on Republic to provide a superior experience while fostering a sustainable Blue Planet for future generations to enjoy a cleaner, safer and healthier world. Why Work with Us Our Company cannot thrive without great people devoted to serving customers, the community, and the planet. We hire the best people to make Republic a great place to work. We are focused on attracting talented individuals across professions who are as committed to serving customers and the planet as we are. We strive to create a workplace that's meaningful and rewarding to our 33,000 employees. That's why we are proud to be recognized as Best Large Employer by Forbes, World’s Most Ethical Companies by Ethisphere, and One of the Most Meaningful Companies to Work for in America by Business Insider. Job Description Republic Services is developing, growing and expanding and is focused on building innovative technology platforms. The technology transformation at Republic Services is happening right now, and we are seeking the brightest and most talented Information Technology professionals to lead the way in this transformation. We seek enthusiastic individuals who are excited about transforming the way we utilize technology in our industry. Your technical expertise and creativity is the key to ensuring that we build the best technology solutions resulting in a superior experience for our customers and employees. The Manager, Data Analytics is a high-profile position serving as a key IT partner to various corporate business areas. This individual must be highly technical, with a strong understanding of business intelligence and analytical tools. In addition to a deep technical skill set, this individual, must be able to work with business partners to deliver the best data oriented solutions within business timelines. This position oversees a combined on- shore/ off-shore team responsible for the design, development and maintenance of Analytical solutions. Knowledge, Skills & Abilities Preferred Qualifications Principal Responsibilities Assist in building data analytics platform, tools, processes, and solutions. Partners with functional teams to deploy Analytical insights and solutions. Maintains productive working relationships with project sponsors and key systems users. Ensures that solution delivery meets service level agreements. Develops strong relationships with key data vendors. Stays current on software development techniques and recommends improvements to current processes to support application development efforts. Prepares and executes project plans, as required, to ensure timely and cost-effective resource management. Oversees and participates in all phases of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC). Recommends audit and review systems and practices to ensure compliance with procedures, regulations and standards. Responsible for the talent development, career advancement, training, and performance management of direct reports. Manages competing priorities, workloads and activities to achieve multiple project objectives. Performs other job-related duties as assigned or apparent. The statements used herein are intended to describe the general nature and level of the work being performed by an employee in this position, and are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties and skills required by an incumbent so classified. Furthermore, they do not establish a contract for employment and are subject to change at the discretion of the Company. Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in Business, IT or related field. (Required). Master’s degree preferred. Minimum of 7 years of progressive experience in enterprise-level IT functions. Minimum of 5 years of experience in managing large enterprise data/analytical initiatives and project teams through all phases of the project lifecycle. (Required) Minimum of 3 years of experience in a similar role. (Required) Experience managing a team comprised of offshore and local members. Experience with Business Intelligence tools (Cognos, Hyperion, Qlik view, Qlik Sense, Microsoft SSRS, Microsoft Power BI, SAS etc.). Proficient analytical skills and ability to leverage statistical software such as R, Python, RapidMiner for developing insights. Experience with various database technologies (Ex: Oracle, SQL server, MangoDB, Cassandra, Dynamo DB, Amazon Aurora etc.). Experience with Big Data architectures, data lakes and big data ecosystem of tools (Ex: Hadoop, Spark, Hive, Storm, Cloudera, Hbase etc.). Experience with Oracle’s Hyperion Essbase. Strong analytical skills and focus on bottom-line results. Effective interpersonal communication across various levels of the organization. Strong skills related to building and improving collaboration among departments. Ability to interpret, evaluate and communicate detailed information in a manner that is appropriate to the audience. Strong project management skills. Strong motivational, coaching and teaching skills. Strong written and oral communication skills. Ability to contribute to the creation and review of an information systems strategy and organization-wide technical architecture. Rewarding Compensation and Benefits Eligible employees can elect to participate in: Comprehensive medical benefits coverage, dental plans and vision coverage. Health care and dependent care spending accounts. Short- and long-term disability. Life insurance and accidental death & dismemberment insurance. Employee and Family Assistance Program (EAP). Employee discount programs. 401(k) plan with a generous company match. Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP). Republic Services is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.