Location: Conshohocken, PA Type: Full Time Start Date: Immediately Data Engineer (Data Science Team) RS Energy Group is a data-driven organization specializing in the delivery of advanced analytics, research and data science to the most advanced investors and producers in the world. We work in an innovative, fast-paced and dynamic environment, with interdisciplinary teams focused on levering cutting-edge technology, data and machine learning to uncover unique investment ideas and provide solutions for producers. Headquartered in Calgary, we have offices in Houston, New York, Los Angeles and Philadelphia. RS Energy Group is currently seeking a Data Engineer to join their Data Science team in our Conshohocken, PA office. Work on some of the most interesting challenges in oil/gas industry as part of the active and growing Data Science team. Responsibilities: Design and build infrastructure to integrate data from various sources to be used by the Data Scientists and Software Developers. Create automated production pipelines to run data science models and build the tools to monitor their progress and ensure their completion. Ingesting complex, semi-structured data from a variety of real-world sources that dynamically evolve. Evaluating the technical trade-offs of tools to build simple, yet robust, architectures that survive hardware failures. Build scalable, integrated and automated systems in compliance with Dev team data models. Promote the use of open source technologies in the organization and keep current with latest Data Science and Big Data technologies. Help build a brand-new data science platform. Qualifications: Python with Pandas and NumPy Experience with Apache Spark (Scala or PySpark) Passion for working with Data Strong understanding of ETL and data manipulation such as through SQL technologies (Hive/PostgreSQL/MSSQL/MySql/Cassandra/RedShift). Strong experience with data modeling such as designing data warehouses or data lakes. Shell scripting (Bash OR PowerShell) Cloud based environments (AWS or Azure) Some DevOps experience including CI/CD, Deployment, Networking Experience in building high performance and reliable systems. Experience building large scale data science pipelines and complex data sets (terabyte scale preferred). Experience with Linux BS in Computer Science or Software Engineering or equivalent experience in building enterprise software. Strong written and verbal communication skills required with an ability to simply explain complex information. _Addition Qualifications (preferred, not required):_ Contributor to open source projects in the data science or big data spaces Scala/ Java or other OOP languages Familiarity with container technologies (Docker/Kubernetes) Experience with Serverless Programming / Technologies Experience with Apache Hadoop, Hive or MapReduce Experience with Big Data or Container Pipeline/Workflow tools (Oozie / AirFlow) Experience with GPU processing / CUDA Release tools (Jenkins/TeamCity/Travis/VSTS) R Programming RS Energy Group offers a competitive salary, a generous benefits package, and an unbeatable work environment. This is a great time to join our organization! RS Energy Group is an equal opportunity employer. By embracing diversity, we gain strength through our people. To learn more, please visit our website at www.rseg.com