AI is the new electricity: Just as electricity transformed numerous industries starting 100 years ago, AI is now posed to do the same, and will improve human life. We are working on a stealth company led by Andrew Ng to use AI to develop industry solutions. This is a chance for you to get in on the ground floor of an exciting AI-powered company. In this role, you will work alongside other engineers as well as our outside partners, to build various layers of the infrastructure for our AI solutions. You should have thorough knowledge in building both backend and frontend systems. You should also have a strong growth mindset and a strong work ethic. Here’s what you will do: Design and build overall architecture for software (usually mobile) applications. Build software infrastructure for machine learning, data exploration and analysis. Design and develop internal tools to help our content and product teams iterate quickly. Maintain quality and ensure responsiveness of applications. Maintain a high quality code base. Here’s the background you must have: 1+ years of full stack application development with a variety of languages including but not limited to Python and Javascript. 1+ years of experience with general backend (Linux, Databases, Application servers) and cloud infrastructure (like AWS, GCP.) 1+ years of experience with mobile and web technologies: React-Native, Flask, JavaScript, HTML, CSS. The following would also be helpful, but isn't required: ​ A degree in CS is preferred. Experience with industrial NLP projects is desired. Experience leading an engineering team. Strong willingness to help and mentor junior engineers. We hope you will fit well with our team’s culture: Strong work ethic. All of us believe in our work’s ability to change human lives, and consequently work not just smart, but also hard. Growth mindset. We are eager to teach you new skills and invest in your continual development. But learning is hard work, so this is something we hope you’ll want to do. Good team member. We care and watch out for each other. We’re humble individually and go after big goals together. Flexibility. You should be flexible in your tasks and do whatever is needed, ranging from lower-level tasks like scheduling to high level recruiting strategy. This is a full-time position based in or around Palo Alto, California. You must already have, or be able to obtain, authorization to work in the United States. Please apply below: