Boston Public Schools seeks a Data and Evaluation Manager, Health and Wellness Department. Reports to: Assistant Director, Wellness Policies & Promotions BACKGROUND & OVERVIEW: The Boston Public Schools (BPS) Health & Wellness Department (HWD) aims to actively promote the health and wellness of all students to advance both their healthy development and readiness to learn. The Health and Wellness Department is an integral part of the BPS Social, Emotional Learning and Wellness Office (SELWell). HWD provides an array of interdisciplinary services and supports to schools in five target areas: comprehensive health education, physical education, physical activity, policy & advocacy, and wellness promotions. It leads the district’s efforts to improve the quality, increase the quantity, and ensure the equity of services in these areas. The department is committed to addressing issues of healthy equity to ensure all our students are ready and able to engage in learning. We seek to create a healthier school environment in which the healthy choice is the easy choice. POSITION OVERVIEW: Reporting to the department’s Assistant Director of Wellness Policies & Promotions, the Data & Evaluation Manager (DEM) implements the department’s efforts to measure and evaluate wellness policy and program outcomes at the district, school, and student levels. The DEM manages part-time contractual staff and works in collaboration with department and district staff, external partners, and the internal HWD Data and Evaluation Team. These efforts lead to improved school quality and improved student health outcomes over time. The DEM oversees program evaluation initiatives, including Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) grant-funded project evaluation, depending on funding, that aims to reduce and prevent HIV/AIDs, STIs, and teen pregnancy in priority high schools in Boston. The DEM will also coordinate the administration the Middle School and High School Youth Risk Behavior Surveys (YRBS) for the City of Boston and School Health Profiles Survey. The DEM collaborates with internal and external partners to determine appropriate and streamlined data collection and sharing methods. They are also responsible for maintaining communication with and providing technical assistance for 100+ school-based staff at the priority high schools. The DEM supports data/evaluation-related projects within HWD program/content areas, as well as certain district wellness initiatives, such as the District Wellness Policy Annual Report. This position facilitates the HWD’s internal Policy and Evaluation Team to identify, prioritize, and manage data and evaluation needs that arise throughout the year. Some projects may include grant reports, grant/funding applications, financial reports, department strategic planning, and program specific evaluation. RESPONSIBILITIES: Plan and oversee survey operations, data management, and reporting for various grant projects. CDC grant-funded Project (dependent on funding) Create, implement, and manage evaluation plan and data collection instruments. Manage data collection and provide technical assistance to internal district, external, and school partners Manage databases, ensure data quality, and compile and analyze reporting data for program planning and grant reporting Middle School and High School Youth Risk Behavior Surveys (YRBS) Oversee survey operations in schools for each survey cycle (HS Spring, MS Fall) Recruit, hire, train and manage survey staff team Manage YRBS budget and ensure appropriate spending Facilitate stakeholder feedback to modify YRBS survey according to CDC protocols; administer survey according to CDC protocols Analyze and manage data; facilitate YRBS data requests Create reports, fact sheets, and infographics to disseminate findings Write bi-weekly and final reports to CDC School Health Profiles Supervise creation, administration, operations, data management, and reporting for the 3-part School Health Profiles Survey for Principals/Headmasters, Lead Health Education Teacher, and Lead Physical Education Teacher Lead HWD’s internal Policy & Evaluation Team to identify, prioritize, and facilitate department’s evaluation needs. Create, implement, and maintain department’s logic model, balanced scorecard, resource map and related data collection tools Support data collection, management, and analysis Lead data analysis/management for annual PE Staffing Report Support management of FitnessGram database, including troubleshooting tech issues with Physical Education team, OIIT, and FitnessGram tech support staff, and managing teacher and student accounts for all ~125+ schools. Support District Wellness Policy monitoring and evaluation. Manage research requests by external institutions and partners. Manage and analyze data, coordinate with internal stakeholders to share data, and contribute to District Wellness Policy Annual Report and other reports. Develop, coordinate and deliver related professional development for HWD staff, community partners and school-based staff. Support the Office of Social Emotional Learning and Wellness Data Team and the collection of office key performance indicators Supervise and manage interns and/or contractual staff to support data collection, management, and dissemination activities. QUALIFICATIONS-REQUIRED: Master’s degree in public health, public policy or related field with concentration on evaluation, epidemiology, or biostatistics Three to five years of experience in public health research Strong project management skills and experience; ability to manage multiple projects and meet deadlines; detail oriented Demonstrated experience with: Intermediate/advanced Excel, statistical software packages (SPSS, SAS, R, STATA), relational databases, SurveyMonkey, Qualtrics Self-directed individual who can think creatively and work collaboratively with a multidisciplinary team; ability to make high-level, systems-oriented and strategic decisions Strong communication (written and oral) and data visualization skills Demonstrated skills in and a commitment to our core values: collaboration, excellence and a Whole School Whole Community Whole Child approach Willing to perform other duties as assigned Current authorization to work in the United States by their first day of employment. QUALIFICATIONS-PREFERRED: Experience implementing and evaluating school-based programs, especially those related to child and adolescent health, physical activity or nutrition promotion, and/or physical education Experience coordinating or facilitating professional development activities and training, and providing technical assistance Understanding of health and wellness policy implementation and evaluation Knowledge or experience working in large urban school districts A commitment to PreK-12 students, inclusive of racial, ethnic, cultural, and sexual differences, and a commitment to health and educational equity TERMS: Managerial, Tier C. This position is subject to the City of Boston residency requirement. Please refer to www.bostonpublicschools.org/ohc (under "Employee Benefits and Policies") for more information on salary and compensation. Salaries are listed by Unions and Grade/Step. The Boston Public Schools, in accordance with its nondiscrimination policies, does not discriminate in its programs, facilities, or employment or educational opportunities on the basis of race, color, age, criminal record (inquiries only), disability, homelessness, sex/gender, gender identity, religion, national origin, ancestry, sexual orientation, genetics or military status, and does not tolerate any form of retaliation, or bias-based intimidation, threat or harassment that demeans individuals’ dignity or interferes with their ability to learn or work.