Plethora is building the future of manufacturing - a new kind of robotic factory that automatically turns digital designs into physical products in days not months. We are uniquely ambitious and you should be too. This organization produces novel software, hardware, and fully-integrated systems at scale few have seen. The ideal candidate will be comfortable in a high complexity, dynamic work environment. We’re looking for an exceptionally talented and self-motivated Business Analyst to support our business. You will be a deep analytical thinker but also an articulate advocate for process improvement and operational traceability to serve all departments. You will gather, assess, and manage data to transform it into insights, analysis and reporting. This position will report to the Director of Business Analytics, and is a role that will have broad exposure, visibility and impact throughout the organization. Responsibilities Design, develop and support data warehouses, dashboards, data pipelines and reporting tools for operational and business impact data. Design and enforce access control for all the data. Work with non-technical business users to understand their analytical needs, document and prioritize requirements, and to help them effectively use the data and analytical tools that the team has developed. Work with business stakeholders and engineering teams to validate data, identify gaps and contribute to changes in business processes and data pipelines to fix data gaps. Develop dashboards, KPI reports, and other visualization based on user needs. Manage projects and drive analytical projects end to end. Write and review technical documents, including requirements, schemas, design documents for existing and future data systems. Minimum Qualifications Bachelor’s degree with an emphasis on quantitative or technical work (Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics) or equivalent practical experience. Proficiency developing and maintaining dashboards using a BI tool like Tableau. Ability to rapidly run ad hoc reports and organize output effectively in spreadsheets and presentations. Proficiency writing SQL queries to pull reporting data, annotating for clarity, and optimizing for elegance and execution speed. Demonstrated verbal and written communication skills, including the ability to communicate complex findings in a structured and clear manner to a non-technical audience. Proficiency at gathering reporting and analytics requirements from stakeholders, finding a consensus, and keeping stakeholders updated on projects. Ability to prioritize multiple conflicting priorities while driving towards pragmatic decisions/actions. WORKING AT PLETHORA We move fast, tinker endlessly, and love to make things. You should be the same! You care about solving real, hard problems; you’re a creative thinker, and you thrive on new challenges. We value our employees tremendously - we offer generous health benefits, twice-weekly in-office lunch, time and facilities to work on cool hardware and software projects, and an all-around great group of people to work with. We’re based in the sunny Dogpatch neighborhood of San Francisco right off of the K/T Muni line.