Are you a problem solver who is passionate about data? Do you recognize the value of extraordinary Data Quality? We’re looking for someone like you to: design & deliver centralized data preparation (ETL) and data quality measurement capabilities across the division work with Data Owners to capture data quality requirements oversee ETL & data quality rule development across Domains design & deliver data quality monitoring & reporting capabilities You’ll be working in the Asset Management Chief Data Office. We’re a data management organization focused on re-defining the division’s data strategy and supporting the management of core data-sets used across Asset Management. Working within the Chief Data Office, you’ll provide the foundation for establishing a data driven culture by delivering cutting edge solutions that supply high quality, governed data across Domains. You have: a bachelor’s degree and 5+ years work experience, with a minimum of 3 years working directly on Data Management initiatives direct experience working on ETL & Data Quality implementation expert level SQL and relational database (e.g. Oracle, MS SQL) knowledge working knowledge and understanding of Data Governance principles general understanding of the financial services industry (AM experience preferred) knowledge of data modeling, data warehousing methodologies, master data management, ETL, and Data Quality best practices You are: familiar with the Informatica suite of products (IDQ, Power Center, etc.) well organized & detail oriented a critical thinker with an analytical mindset an effective communicator with the ability to interact with people at all levels of the organization LI-UBS Expert advice. Wealth management. Investment banking. Asset management. Retail banking in Switzerland. And all the support functions. That's what we do. And we do it for private and institutional clients as well as corporations around the world. We are about 60,000 employees in all major financial centers, in almost 900 offices and more than 50 countries. Do you want to be one of us? Together. That’s how we do things. We offer people around the world a supportive, challenging and diverse working environment. We value your passion and commitment, and reward your performance. Keen to achieve the work-life agility that you desire? We're open to discussing how this could work for you (and us). Why UBS? Video Are you truly collaborative? Succeeding at UBS means respecting, understanding and trusting colleagues and clients. Challenging others and being challenged in return. Being passionate about what you do. Driving yourself forward, always wanting to do things the right way. Does that sound like you? Then you have the right stuff to join us. Apply now. UBS is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We respect and seek to empower each individual and support the diverse cultures, perspectives, skills and experiences within our workforce.