Job Description WME is seeking a Sr. Level Cisco Engineer / Architect for a 6 month contract to hire position in Houston, TX! Successful candidate will demonstrate Cisco's Enterprise Networking (EN) at expert level and include solutions around Cisco SD-WAN, Cisco Software Defined Access, Cisco's DNA architecture and LAN/WAN. 5+ years applicable experience with products in Enterprise Wireless, Switching, Cisco ONE, Cisco DNA Center Controller, Cisco Meraki Cloud Networking, Cisco Prime, Identity Services Engine (ISE) and Enterprise Networking ELA's / Software agreements. An understanding of the potential operational and business impacts of these products is essential. Technical Solutions Job Requirements: Experience with Enterprise networking including routing, switching, iWAN, security, and Unified Access architectures. Experience with WAN and LAN networking technologies at the engineering level through the CxO level. Ability to translate business requirements into technical requirements. Ability to understand and Articulate Cisco's Architectures, products and Services. Ability to communicate customer requirements between customers and Cisco's product development business units. Ability to create, present and document technical solutions. Ability to perform in-depth and high-level technical presentations for customers, partners and prospects. Job Requirements 7+ years related experience. Cisco experience required. Cisco product and end-to-end positioning required. 5+ years applicable experience with products in Enterprise Wireless, Switching, Cisco ONE, Cisco DNA Center Controller, Cisco Meraki Cloud Networking, Cisco Prime, Identity Services Engine (ISE) and Enterprise Networking ELA's / Software agreements. Competitive product experience required Riverbed, VeloCloud, Silver Peak, Aruba, Motorola, Juniper, HP and others a strong plus. Pre- and Post Sales experience required. Typically requires BS/BA (EE/CS) or equivalent. CCIE certification in Routing/Switching is required.