Chevron is one of the world's leading energy companies, with approximately 60,000 employees working in countries around the world. We explore, produce and transport crude oil and natural gas; refine, market and distribute fuels and other energy products; manufacture and sell petrochemical products; generate power; and develop future energy resources, including biofuels and geothermal energy. Chevron is accepting online applications for the position of August 17th, 2018 located in Richmond CA RTC Technology Building ,. Requisition ID382004 The Lab Services Business Analyst is responsible for timekeeping, billing, project cost tracking, work request coordination, invoice processing, and City of Richmond Building Permit administration at the Chevron Richmond Technology Center in Richmond California. The Technology Center is Chevron's primary lab research and development site. Responsibilities: Timekeeping for shop contractors and company personnel Validation of charge codes Vacation scheduling Preparing monthly billing file Assist Shop Supervisors with project/job cost tracking Managing shop work request system Administer shop contracts Processing third party invoices for labor and material Coordinate City of Richmond Building Permit process Required Qualifications: Ability to communicate in a clear, concise, understandable manner, both orally and written at various audience levels Proficient in building and maintaining good customer relationships Promotes understanding of customer requirements and expectations Strong organization and time management skills Has ability to multitask, meet deadlines, prioritize requests, and work independently while producing quality work. Basic awareness and knowledge of supplier contracts, compensation mechanisms, payment terms, invoicing and payment processes Experience working with third party vendors/suppliers and managing vendor/supplier relationships Working knowledge of Microsoft Office products including Excel spreadsheets, Word, Email, and PowerPoint Preferred Qualifications: Experience with City of Richmond CA building permit process. Experience with shop work management processes. Regulatory Disclosure for US Positions: Chevron is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status, or other status protected by law or regulation.