What you’ll be doing... If you are curious about new technology and the possibilities it creates, then this job may be perfect for you. As part of the Information Technology team, you will work on new technologies and find ways to meet our customers’ needs and make it easy for them to do business with us. You will use your expertise to solve complex problems and find unique solutions. The work you’ll do every single day will make people’s lives, work and play better. We are looking for a Senior Machine Learning - AI Engineer to join the Verizon Digital Chatbot and AI Team. Extract qualitative and quantitative relationships, including patterns and trends from a wide variety of data. Develop statistical models to find insights which can be used for actions. Analyze source data and data flows, working with structured and unstructured data. Analyze and implement analysis infrastructure and tools, analytic workflow processes, and complex data visualizations. Use technical and analytical expertise to explore and examine data from multiple disparate Big Data sources with the goal of discovering patterns and previously hidden insights that can provide a competitive advantage or address a pressing mission problem. Manipulate high-volume, high-dimensionality data from varying sources to highlight patterns, anomalies, relationships and trends. Leverage foundational comprehension of mathematical and statistical concepts, algorithm development, feature engineering, model selection, training testing and validation of different models, and domain expertise to bridge the gap between decision makers and technical experts, ensuring data or modeling solutions meet business requirements. Communicate and present models to business customers and executives. Apply AI/Machine Learning technology to solve real-world problems. What we’re looking for... You’ll need to have: Bachelor’s degree or four or more years of work experience. Six or more years of relevant work experience. Experience with SQL, Spark, OR Hadoop. Experience programming with Scala, Java, OR C++. Even better if you have: MS or PhD in as Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Statistics, Economics, Mathematics, Physics. Python or R programming skills. Experience with Deep Learning frameworks such as TensorFlow, Caffe, Caffe2, PyTorch, or MxNet. Demonstrated ability in the application of Machine Learning/AI in real-world industrial settings with large scale data. Experience with data analysis in high performance computing, machine learning, big data analysis or related areas, deep understanding of machine learning, cloud services. Strong verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills and an ability to work in a team environment. Ability to work well and thrive in a dynamic, large and complex environment. Strong ability to rapidly narrow down software bugs in complex environments. Effective Verbal and Written Communication. Demonstrated ability to motivate, influence and collaborate at all levels of a large, complex organization. When you join Verizon... You’ll be doing work that matters alongside other talented people, transforming the way people, businesses and things connect with each other. Beyond powering America’s fastest and most reliable network, we’re leading the way in broadband, cloud and security solutions, Internet of Things and innovating in areas such as, video entertainment. Of course, we will offer you great pay and benefits, but we’re about more than that. Verizon is a place where you can craft your own path to greatness. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, find your future at Verizon. Equal Employment Opportunity We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer- and celebrate our employees' differences, regardless of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or Veteran status. Different makes us better.