The Enterprise Monitoring Solution Architect will be responsible for the design and architecture of the systems and services provided by the Enterprise Monitoring team. They will lead efforts to develop new capabilities and improve existing alignment with Costco's strategies and direction. The Solution Architect will lead, collaborate and partner with various IS areas and have a deep understanding of operational monitoring excellence. The position includes involvement with resolving application and configuration issues/concerns, providing ongoing analysis and ensuring continual service improvements. Tasks and responsibilities Leads the application of Costco’s Global Enterprise Monitoring roadmap. Develops and recommends strategies for Enterprise Monitoring across all platforms (Unix & Windows). Analyzes and helps bridge the gap between current monitoring architecture to target state. Solution cost benefit / ROI modeling and analysis. Plans and directs tasks in a measurable way that aligns short term goals and long term initiatives. Designs solutions with minimal to no customizations. Enables integration within diverse solution components across multiple platforms. Understands and utilizes enterprise software design patterns. Understands, implements and seeks automation techniques. Defines, implements and validates requirements for the availability, scalability, maintainability and security of software solutions. Ability to influence the IT Strategies ensuring collaborative alignment. Reconciles user requests, best practices, and implementation realities to produce outcomes that support the business and avoid unnecessary scope expansion. Analyzes, designs and implements solutions both in-the-cloud and on-premise. Collaborates and sustains relationships with internal Costco teams. Defines, implements and validates requirements. Assists in other areas of the department and company as needed. Required skills, abilities, and certifications Experience in designing and implementing enterprise-wide monitoring solutions. Must have strong understanding of monitoring industry best practices to aid in evolving Costco processes / standards. Experience working within a formal software development lifecycle. Comprehensive knowledge of hardware, software, application, and system engineering. Interpersonal and leadership skills - communication, collaboration, facilitation, and negotiation skills. Demonstrate courageous leadership and ability to partner and lead involving all levels of management. Must be detail-oriented and possess strong problem-solving skills. Must have the ability to work under pressure. Must be extremely responsive and possess a strong sense of urgency. Recommended skills, abilities, and certifications Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Business Administration or other related field or equivalent work experience. Strong and broad technical experience related to software testing and quality assurance. Solution Architecture Professional Certification (e.g., IASA CITA-F, CITA-A or higher). Other architecture certifications (e.g. TOGAF 9 certification, SEI). Required Document(s) Letter of interest Resume Apply: Use the link below to upload all required documents to https://chm.tbe.taleo.net/chm02/ats/careers/requisition.jsp?org=COSTCO&cws;=1&rid;=2433 Applicants and employees for this position will not be sponsored for work authorization, including, but not limited to H1-B visas. If hired, you will be required to provide proof of authorization to work in the United States. Apart from any religious or disability considerations, open availability is needed to meet the needs of the business.