Recruiting Coordinator (Contract) People Operations & Social Responsibility I San Francisco, California Create an environment, processes, culture and recruit top talent that helps Team DocuSign execute our strategy, stay engaged, impact the communities in which we live and work … and have fun! Position Summary As a Recruiting Coordinator, you will work closely with our Recruiters to support all administrative processes. Recruiting Coordinators are the backbone of the recruiting team, following the candidate process every step of the way - from opening requisitions, to scheduling interviews, to creating offer letters. In this role, you will be responsible for ensuring a seamless interview process for each candidate you work with. You are the face of DocuSign and represent our company’s image to prospective employees. You provide exceptional customer service and work professionally, efficiently, and meticulously. This position is an Individual Contributor and reports to Senior Director, Recruiting. Responsibilities Schedule candidate interviews (phone, virtual, onsite, remote) by coordinating with recruiters, candidates, hiring managers, and interviewers. Serve as point-of-contact for candidates and interview teams regarding interview schedules, changes, and triage. Provide workspace tours and company information to candidates onsite. Open new roles in DocuSign and post job descriptions on our job boards in compliance with EEOC and AAP guidelines. Maintain appropriate, timely tracking (dispositioning) of candidates as they move through the recruiting process within the Applicant Tracking System (ATS). Coordinate all candidate travel (flight, hotel, etc.) and expense reimbursement as needed. Support other recruiting-related administrative tasks as necessary. Basic Qualifications BA/BS degree 1-2 years of professional work experience Preferred Qualifications Experience working with an Applicant Tracking System (Greenhouse preferred) Ability to provide exceptional, consistent customer service to internal and external clients Self-directed problem solver with a desire to contribute to the organization’s reputation and success Solid computer skills, including experience with MS Office (Word, Excel, and Outlook). Must have strong attention to detail People Operations & Social Responsibility @ DocuSign We are creating a unique culture at DocuSign – one that is collaborative and one that embraces the diversity of all employees. We believe people are what drive our company’s success. That is why we focus on recruiting the right people and giving them the tools and training to make an impact. We then foster transparency and solicit the team’s feedback through a variety of communication channels –creating a more fun, engaging and productive environment. We recognize our people are engaged in their communities and want to give back. That’s why we established the Docusign Impact Foundation – which demonstrates the team’s character in action and is transforming the communities in which we live and work. About DocuSign DocuSign® is changing how business gets done by empowering hundreds of thousands of companies and tens of million of users in most countries around the world to sign, send and manage documents anytime, anywhere, on any device with confidence. DocuSign replaces printing, faxing, scanning and overnighting documents with the easiest, fastest, most trusted way to make every approval and decision digital. Organizations of all sizes and industries are accelerating contracts, approvals and workflows with DocuSign's Digital Transaction Management (DTM) platform and eSignature solution. DocuSign keeps life and business moving forward. DocuSign is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Individuals seeking employment at DocuSign are considered without regards to race, ethnicity, color, age, sex, religion, national origin, ancestry, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, physical or mental disability, registered domestic partner status, caregiver status, marital status, veteran or military status, citizenship status, or any other legally protected category. LI-DS1