The salary listed on the job posting is the starting salary range; amount offered will depend upon qualifications. For information related to _Essential Functions, Knowledge, Skills & Abilities Required to Perform Work, _and _Working Conditions & Hazards _of this position, click here. Locate and click on the position title to view the job classification specification _._ For evaluation purposes, acceptable qualifying experience for all positions must have been in a paid capacity unless noted otherwise in the minimum qualifications for the posted position. Additionally, 30+ hours per week will be counted as full-time employment and will receive full credit for the amount of time employed. A minimum of 15 through 29 work hours per week will be counted as part-time employment and will receive half credit for the amount of time employed. Vacancies currently available in the following department(s): Dallas Animal Services Minimum Qualifications EDUCATION: High school diploma or GED. EXPERIENCE: Five (5) years of planning, organizing and conducting activities for community interaction and program implementation which must have included as least two of the following areas: Hiring and training staff/volunteers Evaluating staff/volunteer performance Developing policies and procedures Media /public relations. EQUIVALENCY(IES): An associate's degree in any field plus three (3) years of required experience will meet the education and experience requirements. A bachelor's degree (or higher) in a business administration, public administration, education or social science field plus one (1) year of required experience will meet the education and experience requirement. A bachelor's degree (or higher) in a non-specified field plus three (3) years of required experience will meet the education and experience requirement. LICENSE(S) and/or CERTIFICATION(S): Some positions may require a valid driver's license with good driving record. OTHER REQUIREMENT(S): Availability to work various shifts including evenings and weekends. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, ABILITY(IES): Effective oral and written communication skills. MS Office or similar software skills. Strong presentation skills and community engagement abilities. Effective program management knowledge to include budgeting, donations management, and purchasing process. Coordinates adoption vents and outreach opportunities both on and off-site. PREFERENCE(S): Spanish/English bilingual skills are a plus. For position(s) in Dallas Animal Services : Responsible for coordinating the activities of volunteer programs for Dallas Animal Services (DAS) and other public inquires including; creating correspondence, events, public presentations, compiling reports and statistics to represent the work of the unit and educate the public on the DAS mission and opportunities. Must have exceptional customer service and leadership skills to integrate volunteers into all aspects of the sheltering operations and to meet the performance goals of the division. Must be proficient in Microsoft Office. Experience with volunteer program software, HR and event coordination is a plus. Must be able to work in a fast-paced, changing environment and possess strong interpersonal skills. Develop volunteer standards of protocol. Oversees the foster program and integration of foster efforts into volunteer program in accordance with department mission. Formulates experiences in education-related programming and curriculum development. Maintain the ability to establish and maintain an effective working relationship with city officials, vendors, other government agencies, other employees, volunteers, general public, and community organizations. Must be able to work in a collaborative manner with other staff members/volunteers. Must be creative, will be assisting with "brainstorming ideas" for overall volunteer and foster programming, events, and projects.