Purpose Oversee the Software Development and Systems Integrations team of University Housing and Dining (UHD) Infosys team. Coordinate user requests and prioritize those requests based on business needs. Work closely with the Associate Director to implement new customer oriented solutions. Serve as member of leadership team. Essential Functions 1\. Oversee the Software Development initiatives for UHD. Responsible for ensuring projects are managed and implemented within expected timelines. Includes maintaining current systems and developing new systems and technologies. Responsible for implementing software programming. Current software environment consists of systems in Natural, Natural for Windows, Django / Python, webagent, Oracle, and SQL. Demonstrate excellent verbal and written communication and problem solving skills. 2. Oversee the Systems Integrations initiatives for UHD. Responsible for ensuring projects are managed and implemented within expected timelines. Includes building and maintaining integrations between current and future UHD systems. Responsible for implementing software integrations when necessary. Systems include but are not limited to CS Gold, Micros, CCURE, StarRez, MainFrame, and Workday. Seek to automate and tie together systems wherever possible. 3. Manage and lead a team of IT Professionals. This will include the hiring of staff, evaluating performance of staff and other administrative/managerial duties as required. Develop staff to focus on customer oriented solutions while being approachable and friendly. Maintain high standards of communications with staff and customers. Display excellent organizational skills with the ability to handle multiple concurrent assignments. 4. Assist Associate Director with oversight of IT functions and processes including authorizations and systems administration. Serve as the primary backup to the Associate Director. Serve in on-call rotation and provide 24/7 response. 5. Participate in all relevant UHD and UHD Business Services meetings, events, classes and training. Work across organizational units to achieve goals. 6. Stay current on campus technology changes to include formal and informal training and participation with campus groups focusing on technology. Remain current on technology trends. 7. Serve as secondary administrator to both the Door Access Control System (CCure) and Video Management Software (Network Client / Victor VMS). Serve as a camera control operator. Licenses: Class "C" Operator's Driver's License. Applicant selected must provide a current three year Driving Record from the current state of residence. If not currently a Texas resident, must obtain a Texas Driver's License within 30 days after entering Texas as a new resident. Marginal/Incidental functions Other related functions as assigned. Required qualifications Experience leading information technology teams, products, and services. Demonstrated ability to design, implement, and support software development or integrations. Demonstrated ability to foster effective working relationships with customers, peers, employees, and senior management. Ability to work across organizational units to achieve goals. Experience supervising and managing technical staff delivering mission-critical services. Demonstrated creative problem-solving skills. Demonstrated excellent verbal and written communication skills. Demonstrated excellent organizational skills with the ability to handle multiple concurrent assignments. Equivalent combination of relevant education and experience may be substituted as appropriate. Preferred Qualifications Bachelors degree. Five or more years managing IT Professionals. Demonstrated ability to program in Django / Python. Demonstrated ability to program in Natural. Demonstrated ability to integrate vendor software solutions. Experiencing using an ESB to tie software together. Experience with the University of Texas Information Technology environment and culture. Working conditions May work in all weather conditions May work in extreme temperatures May work around standard office conditions May work around electrical and mechanical hazards Repetitive use of a keyboard at a workstation Use of manual dexterity Climbing of stairs Lifting and moving A criminal history background check will be required for finalist(s) under consideration for this position. The retirement plan for this position is Teacher Retirement System of Texas (TRS), subject to the position being at least 20 hours per week and at least 135 days in length. The University of Texas at Austin, as an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer, complies with all applicable federal and state laws regarding nondiscrimination and affirmative action. The University is committed to a policy of equal opportunity for all persons and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, disability, religion, or veteran status in employment, educational programs and activities, and admissions. If hired, you will be required to complete the federal Employment Eligibility Verification form, I-9. You will be required to present acceptable, original documents to prove your identity and authorization to work in the United States. Information from the documents will be submitted to the federal E-Verify system for verification. Documents must be presented no later than the third day of employment. Failure to do so will result in dismissal. UT Austin is a Tobacco-free Campus