We are looking for an Engineering Manager, Backend/Data (Chapter Lead) to manage a team of backend and data engineers for the Quest Tribe in the User Engagement Mission in Boston. Our organization strives to build and enable engaging listening experiences. This includes end user features such as Daily Mix, Discover Weekly and other playlists as well as the personalization and recommendation services that power those and other features of Spotify. In this role, you’ll also collaborate closely with other teams based in Boston, New York and Stockholm. You will be responsible to the people on your team: supporting growth of engineers, doing valuable work and generally having awesome time making Spotify an amazing experience for users. You will be accountable for delivery of quality software that brings value to Spotify and our users. You will ensure that the Quest Tribe’s Squads have strong and scalable technology. As a leader in this consumer-centric part of the organization, you will keep the focus on providing user value to end users by urging and supporting a development process based on A/B testing, fast iteration, analytics, and user research. What you’ll do Develop people and teams through coaching, mentoring, and feedback Work with the recruiting team to attract, onboard, and retain diverse top talent Work closely with teams, product owners, agile coaches, and other partners to ensure we deliver world-class products in a timely manner Help drive innovation in teams Grow the technical expertise of your teams using state of the art tools (including Google Cloud Platform offerings) Help with establishing and advocating the best quality engineering practices across the organization Who you are You are passionate about technology and what it can do for our users You thrive when developing great people, not just great products You are experienced in leading, coaching and mentoring software development teams You are well-versed in data-driven and data-informed product development You are an experienced manager You have experience in fostering a strong engineering culture in an agile environment You are knowledgeable and passionate about building and scaling robust data processing and distributed storage at scale You want to make an impact _We strongly believe that diversity of experience, perspectives, and background will lead to a better workplace for our employees and a better product for our users and our creators. This is something we value deeply and we encourage everyone to come be a part of changing the way the world listens to music._ _Psst! If this job is your perfect match and you want some inside tips before you apply, read this blog post by our Head of Talent Acquisition Fredrik Johnsson._