Under the direction of the Director of Operations, plan, organize and administer a variety of Operations programs providing maintenance and repair, solid waste, pest control, fleet, hazardous materials management and disposal, HQS inspection, capital improvement and rehabilitation, and other services as assigned; assure maintenance facilities and operations are managed in compliance with approved policies, procedures, laws and regulations; develop and implement operations business plans, budgets and operational procedures; administer and manage assigned business units; train, supervise and evaluate the performance of assigned staff. Duties REPRESENTATIVE DUTIES: E = Essential Functions 1\. Administer integrated program operations to provide maintenance and repair, solid waste, pest control, fleet, hazardous materials management and disposal, HQS inspection, capital improvement and rehabilitation, and other services as assigned to achieve departmental goals. Assure operations and services are managed according to approved policies, procedures, laws and regulations. Assess and adjust resources and priorities in accordance with general guidance. E 2\. Establish strategic direction for programs to accomplish objectives; manage staff engaged in production and control of services; plan, organize and manage programs and services; coordinate with agency departments, regional authorities and others on program direction; resolve significant issues. Define, or assist in defining, program goals and objectives; establish methods and means of accomplishing objectives; develop, or assist in developing, and implement policy and procedure. E 3\. Establish uniform service elements, standards and agreements that meet the needs of the customer; set service rates; administer business systems. Oversee programs, evaluate, prioritize and ensure program objectives are being met; monitor and control program performance, operational effectiveness and customer service quality; guide staff activities to achieve objectives. E 4\. Establish and maintain effective working relationships among personnel, other SHA staff and the general community; ensure operations effectiveness and related work practices; facilitate Operations program/services with other departments and outside agencies. E 5\. Train, supervise and evaluate the performance of assigned staff; review and approve hiring recommendations and disciplinary action for assigned staff in accordance with established procedures. Facilitate the flow of information to assigned staff, identify, reallocate or coordinate needed resources and training for staff to carry-out job responsibilities. E 6\. Oversee the development and implementation of program budgets; coordinate budget activity and asset management with other SHA programs and services and departments; regular monitoring of budget implementation by assigned staff. Review and approve program procurements and contract administration. E 7\. Function as agency Fleet Manager to oversee operational and administrative fleet functions as well as develop policies, procedures, maintenance and repair standards, budget, select, acquire, dispose of vehicles and equipment, maintain database; participate in Accident Review Committee and fleet related Risk Management activities. E 8\. Oversee the Safety and Health Program for assigned area and hold staff accountable for accident prevention and reporting procedures; insure accidents are fully investigated and corrective action taken to prevent recurrence of the hazardous conditions or behaviors; ensure adequate resources in terms of employee time, funds for safety equipment and personal protective clothing and training are available; and set an example for employees by following established safety and health rules and attending required training; and enforce agency's Safety and Health Program, and actively support and participate in the Emergency Preparedness program and tasks. E 9\. Operate a computer, related business applications and assigned office equipment. E 10\. Facilitate the participation of staff to develop, implement, and continuously improve service delivery to ensure attainment of the core strategies and mission of the agency; coach and support staff in the development and implementation of work plans and/or initiatives working cooperatively and interdependently with others and all departments. Develop communication plans and establish tracking processes to ensure completion of initiatives and work plans which include linkage to employees' performance. E 11\. Assist with negotiation of union contracts as directed. Oversee the proper application of provisions of collective bargaining agreements, and grievances. E 12\. Perform related duties as assigned. Minimum Qualifications EDUCATION: Bachelor's degree in Business Administration, Public Administration, Construction Management or Engineering or related field; however, four additional years of directly relevant experience may be considered in lieu of degree. EXPERIENCE: Seven years experience in residential, commercial construction, facilities and equipment maintenance including four years of supervision. LICENSES AND OTHER REQUIREMENTS: Valid Washington driver's license. Competencies, Knowledge, Skills & Abilities KNOWLEDGE AND ABILITIES: KNOWLEDGE OF: 1\. Principles and practices of maintenance, construction and property services program operations, project management, including planning, monitoring and problem solving. 2\. Principles, practices, materials and equipment related to solid waste hauling, pest control, fleet management, hazardous materials management, physical assets, construction and maintenance practices. 3\. Applicable laws, codes, regulations, policies and procedures. 4\. Principals, techniques and practices of managing, supervising and training large staff groups. 5\. Principles and practices of public sector organization, administration, and program operations. 6\. Budget development, analysis, and control. 7\. Operation of a computer, assigned applications, data management and record keeping techniques. 8\. Interpersonal skills using tact, patience, diplomacy and courtesy. 9\. Dispute resolution tactics. 10\. Verbal and written communication skills. 11\. Physical assets, maintenance practices, problems, materials and technical aspects of building maintenance and construction trades. 12\. Safety and Health Program, including hazard recognition and analysis. 13\. Policies and procedures related to maintenance, inventory, Purchasing and Human Resources. ABILITY TO: 1\. Coordinate the day-to-day operations of a variety of programs and services providing property maintenance and repair services. 2\. Maintain up-to-date knowledge of program rules, regulations, requirements and restrictions. 3\. Interpret, apply and explain rules, regulations, policies and procedures. 4\. Review and analyze budget expenditures and revenues. 5\. Maintain records and prepare reports. 6\. Operate a computer, assigned applications, analytically manage data and records. 7\. Analyze situations accurately and adopt an effective course of action; manage change. 8\. Develop and meet schedules and time lines. 9\. Work independently with little direction. 10\. Provide direction and oversight to ensure agency goals are met. 11\. Provide leadership, counsel, motivation and constructive performance reviews to staff, securing their respective commitments to the department's goals. 12\. Communicate effectively verbally, and in writing. 13\. Establish and maintain cooperative and effective working relationships with others across programs and departments to carry out projects and achieve results. 14\. Effectively resolve personnel issues, concerns and problems. 15\. Works respectfully and courteously with staff, residents, and the general public. WORKING CONDITIONS: ENVIRONMENT: Indoor and outdoor work environment. Driving a vehicle to conduct work. Excessive intermittent noise. PHYSICAL ABILITIES: Dexterity of hands and fingers to operate a computer keyboard. Sitting or standing for extended periods of time. Walking over rough or uneven surfaces to conduct inspections. Hearing and speaking to exchange information in person or on the telephone. Seeing to read a variety of materials and monitor work progress. HAZARDS: Contact with dissatisfied or abusive individuals.