BASIC PURPOSE Assist the Accounting division and the Enterprise Data Warehouse application owner with data driven activities that affect Accounting reporting, processes, internal controls and business plans as well as Bank-wide data governance activities. Streamline, automate, and support financial data reports, processes, and analytics. PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES Work collaboratively with department management, enterprise architecture and team members in defining, designing, and implementing reporting and business solutions to improve overall departmental business functions. Build an understanding of the business environment at a level of detail that enables them to analyze reporting and processes in order to make recommendations to management to enhance and improve the department. Present findings and recommendations to stakeholders. Provide data solutions that are accurate, congruent and reliable, and ensure the information is easily accessible to users for direct consumption or integration with other systems. Lead and facilitate special projects and data governance tasks that require cross-functional engagement with key staff across the Bank, including members of the data governance sub-committee, the business project teams, IT and external stakeholders, as appropriate. Educate and train team members to use data as an analytical tool, displaying the information in new, more useful and informative forms for the purpose of process improvement and deeper analysis. Maintain and expand industry, product, and functional knowledge relevant and beneficial to the Accounting operational excellence vision. Assist and provide backup for other operational functions within Accounting Systems. Perform additional responsibilities as assigned. Job Requirements Bachelors degree in Accounting, Finance, Computer Science, or related field is required. 3+ years of relevant experience in accounting/financial report development, business analytics, business intelligence or comparable role in a financial institutio Excellent verbal and written communications skills as well as the ability to present, listen and accept instruction. Ability to facilitate information and requirements gathering sessions, write and troubleshoot new and existing SQL queries working with a star-schema data warehouse. Advanced experience working with SQL query language, SSRS report builder, PowerPivot, PowerQuery, PowerView, PowerMap, PowerBI, or Tableau highly preferred. Ability to break down ideas/issues leading to solutions as well as conduct research to uncover answers and provide solutions. Organized and highly detail oriented. Self-directed, yet strong orientation to be successful in groups and on teams.