Do you consider yourself to be super detail-oriented and data driven? Are you passionate about maintaining, monitoring, and enhancing software and systems? If so, keep reading! What You'll Do: As a member of a team, assist in maintaining and enhancing company's information security strategy. Develop strategies to respond to potential threats and attack vectors. Install and use software, such as firewalls and data encryption programs. Test for vulnerabilities by conducting periodic scans of networks to find possible attack vectors. Conduct penetration testing. Continuously monitor the SSG's networks and systems. Lead incident response activities. Lead technical and forensic investigations. 2 years of relevant experience A strong multi-tasker with a keen eye for detail. Is organized and thrives in fast-paced, high-stress scenarios. Direct experience with anti-virus software, intrusion detection, firewalls and content filtering. Knowledge of risk assessment tools, technologies and methods. Experience designing secure networks, systems and application architectures. Knowledge of disaster recovery, computer forensic tools, technologies and methods. Experience planning, researching and developing security policies, standards and procedures. Professional experience in a system administration role supporting multiple platforms and applications, including Linux and Windows. Ability to communicate network security concerns to peers and management. Why We're Awesome At Social Solutions, we’re mission focused and results oriented! We’re a diverse team of innovators, creatives, and digital architects that come together to help organizations transform lives. Social Solutions’ software (SaaS) helps some of the most vulnerable human beings in our society. Our software for Nonprofits allows them to spend less time on compliance and more time on ensuring the effectiveness of their service programs for the people who rely on them. Since our software was designed by direct service works for direct service providers, it also helps them to demonstrate impact to stakeholders. What You’ll Get Amazing coworkers 100% employer paid benefits for employees 8 hours per quarter of volunteer time Company sponsored events and happy hours Career advancement opportunities _All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability._