The Logging Infrastructure Engineering team operates Box's Logging Infrastructure across public and private clouds. The team is responsible for architecting and scaling our Logging Infrastructure that spans Splunk, ELK and S3 Object Store. Box is transitioning to a service oriented architecture running as containers in our data centers and multiple public clouds such as AWS, GCP, and more. We have to rethink our logging infrastructure design for this new larger scale, ephemeral, hybrid cloud world. You will get an opportunity to evangelize our Logging infrastructure partnering closely with our Engineering team. We are looking for big thinkers and innovators to take on this problem space and deliver world class solutions. We are a small, passionate team that thinks big and is not afraid of huge, gnarly problems. If these challenges excite you, come join us. Why the team needs you Moving to a service oriented architecture, containers and a hybrid cloud, bring with it a new set of challenges for us. We need someone passionate and having domain expertise to architect a logging platform for such an environment that can scale to millions of events per day. We hope to learn from you the best practices for building large scale logging infrastructure across multi-clouds. Why Box needs you Box is growing fast. Real fast. Every business in the world is looking to modernize the way that they work. As the leader in cloud content management, Box is the only company that can help enterprises transform how people work together. We are undergoing a massive change in how we run our services and need to build an analytics platform to help guide our way. That's where you come in. Why you need Box You're going to have the unique opportunity to architect, build and design our private and multi-public cloud provider solution with the highest level of security that any company has to typically deal with. As you drive and scale our infrastructure migration to the cloud, you will get to work with cutting- edge technologies including Hadoop, Kafka, ElasticSearch, Spark, Storm and AWS Big Data Stack. You will have visibility across all of Engineering and have impact directly on the entire business. Who you are You have DevOps experience implementing and tuning large scale logging ELK deployments You love building distributed, client/server systems at large scale You have good understanding of data pipeline infrastructure (end to end) including Ingestion, Persistence, Storage and Query You are proficient with Infrastructure as Code, Python, Ansible and/or Puppet You have built immutable infrastructure on AWS or other clouds. You are able to inspire other people to work with you, and you enjoy mentoring and coaching more junior engineers You have 7+ years of experience About Box: Founded in 2005, Box (NYSE: BOX) is transforming the way people and organizations work so they can achieve their greatest ambitions. As the world's leading enterprise software platform for secure content collaboration, Box helps business of all sizes in every industry securely access and manage their critical information in the cloud. Box is headquartered in Redwood City, CA, with offices across the United States, Europe and Asia. To learn more about Box, visit www.box.com ( http://www.box.com/ ). LI-Eng