Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. Facebook is seeking to fill the position of Director - People Finance. The successful candidate will be a thought leader with a proven record of leading a global team and delivering scalable, employee-enabling services such as payroll, travel, corporate cards and expense reporting. In this newly created role, the Director will bring together our global team members, build multiple teams and set a vision to scale our people, process and technology to support Facebook's continued employee growth. Reporting to the Chief Accounting Officer (CAO), this is a high impact role with significant leadership accountability and key partners in our Global Talent, Enterprise Engineering (IT) and Tax organizations. Success in this role involves an ability to think big and execute nimbly in order to transform our employee experience with compliance, security and accurate reporting. The successful candidate will be equally comfortable delivering on operations goals and process transformation. This full-time position will be located in Austin, TX and will require global travel. RESPONSIBILITIES Build and develop our new Global People Finance team with an integrated vision to enable our employees to support Facebook's mission with secure, accurate and compliant service offerings in payroll, travel, corporate cards and expense reporting Partner with our Employment Tax, Employment Law, Stock Administration and Global Talent organizations to ensure compliant and accurate reporting, and support global payroll tax and other audits, SOX controls, special programs, mobility programs, GDPR and other jurisdictional requirements in every country in which we operate Accelerate scale through automation and the introduction of advanced finance technologies, continuous monitoring and quality assurance in partnership with our HRIT and Enterprise Engineering (IT) teams Develop strong client and stakeholder relationships, implement effective communication programs and transform our global employee support model Grow the existing global team and oversee continuous evaluation of our outsourcing partners, vendor talent location and technology investments MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Bachelors degree in Accounting, Finance or related discipline 15+ years of multi-disciplinary, global experience including payroll, shared services, outsourcing, vendor management, travel, customer and/or employee services Experience operating and scaling employee services transformation, shared services, project management, systems implementation, acquisition integration and demonstrated deployment of advanced digital finance technologies such as analytics, machine learning, robotic process automation, etc. Experience working and collaborating in a cross-functional global environment Leadership experience aligning visions, goals and resources and delivering results Communication experience and experience in iterative process and technology development and project deployment