What you'll be doing: You will be a part of applied data science team helping to define the project scopes, lead and ship the projects and products on time, and provide post- shipment follow up, maintenance, and improvements as needed. Our projects focus on applying machine learning and deep learning to large-scale business and technical data. The projects primarily focus on applied data science, and may often enough involve building data infrastructure as a part of project as needed. Data validation and automated model deployment is also a part of the scope. What we need to see: Deep understanding of and hands-on experience with data science, including machine learning, Deep Learning, statistics, linear algebra, time series, and calculus Strong project management and/or product management experience Excellent communication and listening skills Great collaboration skills, friendly and constructive attitude, no big egos please Successful track record of getting things done (in terms of projects completed and/or products shipped) in a matrix organization Successful track record of shipping machine learning and AI models into production Great multitasking and prioritization skills Ability to work with multiple partners in a friendly and constructive manner Knowledge and hands-on experience with Big Data such as Hadoop, Spark, MongoDb, etc. Deep understanding of SQL Understanding of and experience with data quality issues on large scale Ways to stand out from the corwd: Understanding of computer gaming Understanding of online marketing analytics Experience with TensorFlow or PyTorch, Keras, containers Preferred background: engineering/science degree plus MBA or similar Experience with collecting data from external sources Artificial intelligence, the dream of computer scientists for over half a century, is no longer science fiction. And in the next few years, it will transform every industry. Soon, self-driving cars will reduce congestion and improve road safety. AI travel agents will know your preferences and arrange every detail of your family vacation. And medical instruments will read and understand patient DNA to detect and treat early signs of cancer. Where engines made us stronger and powered the first industrial revolution, AI will make us smarter and power the next. What will make this intelligent industrial revolution possible? A new computing model — GPU deep learning — that enables computers to learn from data and write software that is too complex for people to code. Come, join our AI Compute DevTech team and help build the real-time, cost-effective computing platform driving our success in this exciting and quickly growing field. NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most brilliant and talented people in the world working for us. Are you a creative and autonomous computer scientist with a genuine passion for parallel computing? Do you love a challenge? If so, we want to hear from you. NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. deeplearning