CDW’s vision is to be the best national provider of Advanced Technology Solutions. We’ll achieve this reputation by continuing to delight our customers and being the employer of choice for Advanced Technology Solutions. Technical Architects at CDW are smart, hard-working Engineers who enjoy teaming with other best and brightest Engineers on highly visible, technically challenging projects and offerings. We’re looking for high-caliber, well- rounded professionals who are passionate about emerging technology, projects and consulting. Technical Architects are technology thought leaders at CDW. Technical Architects apply the necessary technical breadth and depth to drive successful CDW offerings and raise the overall technical capabilities of Engineers. Managed Service Customer Care Specific: Planning: In the support of the shared services delivery model, set standards for and provide leadership and guidance around the creation of reference architectures and road maps which clearly tie back to business drivers, service delivery targets and business functional and technical requirements. This includes the development of projects and related budget line items. Design: Oversee the creation of documentation artifact standards for Reference Architecture, design, deployment planning, hardware and software standards and standard building blocks, which will serve as the guiding framework for technology investments by clearly defining business service objectives and mapping them to the architecture, technologies and processes needed to satisfy them. Implementation: Execute plan including approvals to spend allocated budget. May require project management and/or sponsorship responsibilities along with collaborating with out CDW business units Operations: Design a comprehensive technology lifecycle management process, including the definition of required artifacts, approval processes, risk profiles and technology refresh cycles. Customers: Solicit input/feedback from both Managed Services internal and external customers to shape the Shared Services service offering Vendors: Working with other CDW business areas (PPM, Strategic Solutions, Services Readiness), develop and grow vendor relationships pertinent to Shared Services architecture Key Areas of Responsibility RESPONSIBILITY FOR DELIGHTING CUSTOMERS - The CDW Engagement Methodology and the CDW Operations Framework define the standards to deliver projects and managed services that will delight our customers. Here are the roles that Technical Architects play in the Methodology and Framework: Product Definition – collaborate with Product/Service Development Managers and solution sales teams to identify and validate new Advanced Technology service solution opportunities, build standard operating procedures for solution implementation and support, help to validate economic viability of solutions and to help to build customer value propositions Sales – provide deep and broad technical support to Solutions Specialists, review system designs and participate in bid assurance, as required by customers Planning – participate in kickoff meetings, build solution implementation roadmaps, collaborate with Project Manager and Managing Consultant or Senior Engineer to ensure successful execution of project plans, as required by customers Design – create and / or evaluate technical designs for customer systems, develop test plans, build proof of concepts and participate in design reviews to ensure alignment with customer’s business requirements Implementation – lead first-to-market advanced technology pilots and engagements to help establish CDW as the first choice provider of Advanced Technology solutions, conduct technology envisioning sessions, perform technology readiness assessments, health checks, and project milestone reviews and deliver technical training as required by customers. Technical Architects may also be called upon to resolve mission – critical customer issues Closure – participate in post-project debrief sessions, archive intellectual property and transfer knowledge to Engineers and Managed Services and Practice teams Operations –take practice business plans and create technical roadmaps and strategies for implementation and operations, drive updates to CDW's Operations Framework and establish cross-technology designs and plans. Creation of tools is also part of the role. RESPONSIBILITY FOR BUILDING EMPLOYER OF CHOICE REPUTATION - Technical Architects are charged with accelerating the technical development of Engineers. Here are the practices that Technical Architects apply to grow the best and brightest technical professionals Coaching and Development – collaborate with Product Managers, Professional Services Managers and Managing Consultants to build staff and training plans for new effective implementation of Advanced Technology Solutions, provide troubleshooting support for CDW Engineers and on-the-job mentoring for to - be Technical Architects, as required by Engineers Knowledge Sharing and Training – work with Product Managers, Professional Services Managers, Managing Consultants and Training Managers to develop training curriculum for new Advanced Technology solutions. Deliver or facilitate technical training to Engineers, contribute, lead or own internal online discussion groups and virtual team meetings. Technology Labs – lead the build-out of engineering labs. This includes driving procurement strategies, vendor early-field trials (EFT’s), and lab documentation and administration. Intellectual Property Development – build standard operating procedures for solution implementation and support, author technical white papers, construct tools and processes to reduce the cost of delivering projects, create a standard Engineer toolkit, build virtual labs for internal, hands-on training, implement and deliver customer training and present at vendor partner conferences. ACCOUNTABILITY - Technical Architects are ultimately accountable for: Billing work on projects, individually and through other Engineers Working with product management to manage profitable, lifecycle storage solution offerings. Selling work on projects, individually and through other Engineers and Solutions Specialists Developing and implementing intellectual property, for the benefit of other Engineers Significant involvement in and leadership of managed/hosted/shared network designs and plans Product Management and Development Labs – Architecture, budgeting, procurement and implementation with the goal of maintaining product currency within the PM and Development labs. Qualifications Minimum Qualifications Bachelor degree in business, computer science, a related technical degree or equivalent Seven to ten years of large - scale, enterprise - class planning, design, implementation and support experience At least five years of consulting experience Other Required Qualifications In depth knowledge of Cisco networking, WAN optimization and load balancing technologies. Related network security and wireless experience a plus (ISE, BYOD, etc). Advanced level technical certifications or equivalent Effective verbal and written communication skills Collaboration skills are particularly important for this TA role. Preferred Qualifications Project oversight responsibilities, management and technical leadership and engineer mentoring experience Other Required for Managed Service Customer Care Ability to project manage team of up to 5 indirect reports. Ability to interact with inside and outside IT services infrastructure. General knowledge of applications management processes and methodologies. Self-starter with excellent organizational, administrative and interpersonal skills. Ability to follow through with tasks, projects, troubleshooting with minimal supervision. Outstanding oral, written, technical and business communication skills. Ability to multi-task and work in fast paced environment. Preferred Qualifications for Managed Service Customer Care Multiple technical certifications (Security, Cisco, Microsoft, IBM etc.) Hands-on experience in a large Data Center environment ITIL Foundations Certification