Manages the daily activities of the team responsible for the design, implementation, maintenance, and support of data warehouse systems and related data marts. Support technical development in designing, testing and implementing application changes. Leads the build out of enterprise reporting and analytics capabilities, tools and functions. Responsible for contributing to and strategically managing the roadmaps for Business Intelligence and data transformation solutions for the team Oversees data design and the creation of database architecture and data repositories. Ensures proper balance between front-end systems and back-end processing capabilities. Lead / develop processes for auditing data warehouses and ensuring data quality. Gather and analyze business requirements Architect / Design Data Warehouse infrastructure and solutions. Oversees the creation of application architecture diagrams, process flow diagrams, and prototypes to effectively communicate design ideas. Utilize Business Intelligence tools to build and support dashboards. Develop a good working relationship with a wide range of stakeholders to design end-to-end experiences. Interpret business requirements; design, build and test processes to ensure a high level of data quality and optimal system performance. Build out and manage high performance Technology team. Develops creative solutions to problems Establishes the scope of projects, allocates the proper resources, and monitors the progress. Provides status updates to senior management. Ensures that project/department milestones/goals are met and adhering to approved budgets. Verifies and validates all new software or software upgrades, including development and management of test plans Partner with other team members as well as cross-functional partners to support business processes and system solutions Responsible for supervising individual contributors, mentoring technical staff, as well as contributing to project work. Required Qualifications Strong analytical, prioritizing, interpersonal, problem-solving, project management (from conception to completion), & planning skills. Experience leading teams in strategic design and maintenance of business intelligence applications. Experience leading implementation of business intelligence applications that deliver business decision making capabilities. 5+ years of Data warehouse development and design Experience with SQL development Experience. Hands-on experience with both relational and dimensional databases. Proficiency with enterprise Business Intelligence tools (Power BI, MicroStrategy, etc.) building dashboards and data architecture. Exposure to AWS/Aurora technologies is a plus. Ability to establish realistic timelines while ensuring projects remain on target to meet deadlines. Experience effectively managing third party and vendor relationships and service levels. Ability to prioritize and lead team to execute short-term projects to meet long-term goals. Ability to collaborate and build strong relationships throughout the department Expertise with staff development, coaching, and mentoring Ability to communicate to senior management, business partners, and group/team with the appropriate information at each level BS in computer science or a related field