For 70 years, PUMA has developed fast products for the fastest athletes on the planet. Every day, our 13,000 employees across 120+ countries rally our SPEED & SPIRIT to deliver the iconic footwear, apparel and accessories capable of pushing sport and fashion forward. The PUMA world extends across Football, Running, Training, Fitness, Golf, Motorsports and design collaborations with icons such as Rihanna. But wherever you are, whether it's on the pitch, the runway or in the streets, the PUMA touch is instantly felt in the undeniable joy and excitement we bring to sport, fashion and culture. The PUMA Group owns the brands PUMA, Cobra Golf and Dobotex and is headquartered in Herzogenaurach, Germany. Desk role will support hardware, software, applications, and mobile devices within the Corporate environment and the daily IT needs surrounding all infrastructure components within a North American based Retail store.. The Analyst must strive to achieve and maintain a high level of service satisfaction among team members and end users by resolving both hardware and software problems quickly and correctly with accurate and informative communication. This position also requires excellent communication skills to remotely support remote employees and retail stores across the United States and Canada. Provide friendly, customer-focused support centered on communication and follow through to confirmed resolution of all support requests. Prompt identification, analysis, and diagnosis of all support issues providing customers with frequent updates on the status of their support request including an ETA for a resolution as well as deploying a loaner machine to end users whose issue is preventing them from completing their job responsibilities. Monitoring of Service Desk ticket queue to ensure all support requests are addressed in a timely fashion and are assigned to the proper IT team in accordance with PUMA’s designated service level agreements and knowledgebase instructions. Ensure that all support requests received via chat, walk up, telephone, and email are properly entered into PUMA ITSM tool in accordance with documented SLA/OLA policies. Configuration, deployment, and support of Apple iOS devices. Proper tracking of all hardware and software assets within asset management tools and in accordance with PUMA asset management best practices including monthly analysis of asset reports to confirm integrity of data. Provide direct support for Retail store systems and applications including MS Windows servers, and PC’s running Windows and all applications, including Retail pro, Symantec Endpoint Protection, etc. This includes keeping retail systems patched to the latest security patches. Work with Citrix administrator to troubleshoot any access or performance issues impacting end-users in the Citrix environment Manage, implement, configure, and support Retail store registers & servers. Troubleshoot hardware, software, and network connectivity issues with Retail store personnel. Timely escalation of all unresolved support requests to tier 2 Service Desk technicians. Adherence to all troubleshooting guidelines and proper documentation of all troubleshooting steps must take place before escalation occurs. Take part in the creation, implementation, and maintenance of all Support Desk best practices, protocols, and knowledge base articles. Participate in all Support Desk projects with the expectation that all assigned tasks will be completed by given end date. Assists in new hire orientation, training, and follow up to ensure that all new PUMA employees have the hardware and software they need to complete their job responsibilities. Delivery, set up, and assist in the configuration of end-user computer hardware, software, and peripherals adhering to all configuration checklists to ensure all necessary steps are taken when configuring hardware and installing software. Proper tracking of all hardware and software assets within Matrix42 asset management tool and accordance with PUMA asset management best practices. Participate in after-hours on call support rotation. Experience with desktop/laptop running Windows 7 & 10 Professional. Must have A+ Certification or be able to demonstrate equivalent IT skill level Understanding of basic Network topology including basic connectivity troubleshooting techniques. Experience with ITSM ITIL based ticketing system. Computer imaging experience. Anti-Virus/Spyware Removal experience Have strong computer literacy skills and the ability to use Microsoft Office 365 applications. Strong troubleshooting and problem-solving skills. Strong documentation skills. Ability to work under stress and respond and resolve a broad range of customer requests. Works well with people and good communication skills. Superior telephone, e-mail and in-person etiquette. Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks. Ability to be organized, share knowledge and work independently as well as collaboratively. Able to work in a highly productive environment SPEED & SPIRIT is what we look for in our candidates, defined by some simple values that inspire us to BE DRIVEN in our performance, BE VIBRANT in our sporting legacy, BE TOGETHER in our team spirit, and BE YOU to let our individual talent and experience shine. Applying for a job at PUMA is easy. Simply click APPLY ONLINE and follow the steps to upload your application. PUMA is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) employer. It is the policy of PUMA to prohibit discrimination and harassment of any type and to afford equal employment opportunities to all persons without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, gender, physical or mental disability, veteran-status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local law.For additional information, please contact: us- hrrecruiter@puma.com