About GoDaddy GoDaddy powers the world's largest cloud platform dedicated to small, independent ventures. With nearly 17 million customers worldwide and over 75 million domain names under management, GoDaddy is the place people come to name their idea, build a professional website, attract customers and manage their work. Our mission is to give our customers the tools, insights and the people to transform their ideas and personal initiative into success. To learn more about the company visit www.GoDaddy.com. The GoDaddy Corporate Development team focuses on sourcing, evaluating, negotiating and executing mergers and acquisitions. We are currently hiring an Integration Manager to work closely with our deal leads and executive team to drive end-to-end integration planning and execution. The Integration Manager will play an instrumental role supporting the due diligence, integration planning and execution phases of strategic acquisitions, both in the U.S. and internationally. As an Integration Manager, you will plan integration strategies, realize and accelerate deal value, plan for an issue-free Day 1 experience and manage priorities across internal cross-functional teams. You will join a small, high performing, fast-paced team to be part of defining and implementing best-in-class integration plans. The ideal candidate will have 5-7 years of relevant experience in large project or M&A; experience with operational exposure across primary corporate functions. The position requires someone who is a detail oriented, get-things- done, professional who adapts quickly and earns credibility and trust interfacing with founders/executives of target companies, while coordinating with internal cross-functional leads on time/mission critical operational issues spanning product, technology, legal, finance, HR, facilities and other interdependent teams. This position is based in Sunnyvale, CA. Key Responsibilities Support the strategic integration planning, due diligence and execution phases of M&A; transactions that align to the business objectives Drive core internal projects related to M&A; deal integration planning and performance measurement Spot and creatively solve complex, cross-functional operational issues, often unique to each deal Mobilize core teams: Coordinate and project/task manage diligence efforts and integration priorities internally and with the management team of target companies Own communication with executives and relevant team members for key project milestones and decisions. Strong interpersonal and communication skills; ability to work with a diverse workforce; and ability to find humor and calmness in tough situations Drive X-functional initiatives and alignment between sales leadership and critical partners like marketing, finance, product, revenue operations, IT Expert in Excel & PowerPoint The GoDaddy Corporate Development team focuses on sourcing, evaluating, negotiating and executing mergers and acquisitions. We are currently hiring an Integration Manager to work closely with our deal leads and executive team to drive end-to-end integration planning and execution. The Integration Manager will play an instrumental role supporting the due diligence, integration planning and execution phases of strategic acquisitions, both in the U.S. and internationally. As an Integration Manager, you will plan integration strategies, realize and accelerate deal value, plan for an issue-free Day 1 experience and manage priorities across internal cross-functional teams. You will join a small, high performing, fast-paced team to be part of defining and implementing best-in-class integration plans. The ideal candidate will have 5-7 years of relevant experience in large project or M&A; experience with operational exposure across primary corporate functions. The position requires someone who is a detail oriented, get-things- done, professional who adapts quickly and earns credibility and trust interfacing with founders/executives of target companies, while coordinating with internal cross-functional leads on time/mission critical operational issues spanning product, technology, legal, finance, HR, facilities and other interdependent teams. This position is based in Sunnyvale, CA. Key Responsibilities Support the strategic integration planning, due diligence and execution phases of M &A; transactions that align to the business objectives Drive core internal projects related to M&A; deal integration planning and performance measurement Spot and creatively solve complex, cross-functional operational issues, often unique to each deal Mobilize core teams: Coordinate and project/task manage diligence efforts and integration priorities internally and with the management team of target companies Own communication with executives and relevant team members for key project milestones and decisions. Strong interpersonal and communication skills; ability to work with a diverse workforce; and ability to find humor and calmness in tough situations Drive X-functional initiatives and alignment between sales leadership and critical partners like marketing, finance, product, revenue operations, IT Expert in Excel & PowerPoint _GoDaddy is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We will not discriminate against any applicant or employee on the basis of age, race, color,_ _creed, religion,_ _sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, medical condition, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, marital status or civil partnership/union status, physical or mental_ _disability, pregnancy,_ _childbirth, genetic information, military and veteran status, or any other basis prohibited by applicable federal, state or local law. GoDaddy will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with local and federal requirements._ If you need assistance completing an application for a position with us, please reach out to our Recruiting Team at Recruiting@godaddy.com To submit your application to this position, please click _Apply_ .