Job Summary: Schedule and confirm patient appointments. Compile and record medical charts, reports, and correspondence. Answer telephones, and direct calls to appropriate staff. Receive and route messages and documents to appropriate staff. Greet visitors, ascertain purpose of visit, and direct them to appropriate staff. Instruct patients to complete documents, case histories, and forms such as intake and insurance forms. Operate office equipment such as voice mail messaging systems, and use word processing, spreadsheet, and other software applications to prepare insurance demographic sheets, daily schedules, reports, therapist productivity, unit statistics, letters, and medical records. Transmit correspondence and medical records by mail, e-mail, or fax. Perform various clerical and administrative functions, such as ordering, receiving and maintaining an inventory of supplies. Maintain pleasant and positive disposition during every face to face and telephone patient interaction. Ability to maintain order of a large number of medical records and confidential documents appropriately. Manage difficult customers and implements service recovery techniques to ensure positive patient relations. Perform financial functions with accuracy (i.e. charge entry) to ensure optimal payment for services. Assist in patient care and related activities as instructed by the physical therapist, physical therapist assistant, occupational therapist, certified occupational therapist assistant or speech language pathologist. Clean and organize work area and disinfect equipment after treatment. Observe patients during treatment to compile and evaluate data on patients'' responses and progress, and report to physical therapist. Instruct, motivate, safeguard and assist patients practicing exercises and functional activities, under direction of medical staff. Secure patients into or onto therapy equipment. Transport patients to and from treatment areas, using wheelchairs or providing standing support. Transfer patients safely while demonstrating safe body mechanics. Change linens, such as bed sheets and pillow cases. Arrange treatment supplies to keep them in order. Assist patients to dress, undress, and put on and remove supportive devices, such as braces, splints, and slings. Obtain and report accurate heart rate and blood pressure readings of patients. Administer heat and ice safely. Monitor patients and treatment area for safety. Preferred Qualifications: Related healthcare experience preferred. Associate's degree preferred. CPR certification preferred. Minimum Education Requirements: High School diploma or GED required. License / Certification Requirements: IDX Certification required. Certification in Sunrise Billing system may be required. __ _Important Note:_ _Good Shepherd is a drug and tobacco free work environment_ _. As a result, candidates selected for employment may be subject to a drug screen test, which includes nicotine_ __ GOOD SHEPHERD'S UNIVERSAL FLU PROGRAM As a health-care provider, we have a professional and ethical obligation to protect our patients and residents from developing further complications. To protect our patients and residents, Good Shepherd is now requiring influenza (flu) vaccinations for all Associates, licensed independent practitioners, contracted, agency and temporary employees, students and volunteers. _Good Shepherd is an_ ___Equal Employment Opportunity employer_ _and does not discriminate in its hiring or employment practices. All qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to their race, color, creed, religion, national origin, age, disability, sex, sexual orientation, veteran status or any other characteristic protected by State or Federal law._