This role is based in San Jose, CA. We are looking for candidates with the following skills: 1\. Pega PRPC version 7 platform experience 2\. Pega Systems Architect Certification (CSA) 3\. 1+ years of Pega implementations or equivalent POCs 4\. Experience designing and developing process based solutions or BPM (business process management) 5\. Experience in various rules and features like Flows, Activities, User Interface, Flow Actions, Agents, SLA, Correspondence, Single-Sign-On, External Authentication, PRPC Security, Reports, Listeners (File, MQ), Connectors and SOAP Services etc 6\. Debugging skills with log analysis, PLA and AES. 7\. Ability to work independently and as a member of a team Candidates should be flexible / willing to work across this delivery landscape which includes and not limited to Agile Applications Development, Support and Deployment. Applicants for employment in the US must have valid work authorization that does not now and/or will not in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the US by Capgemini. Qualifications Responsible for programming and software development using various programming languages and related tools and frameworks, reviewing code written by other programmers, requirement gathering, bug fixing, testing, documenting and implementing software systems. Experienced programmers are also responsible for interpreting architecture and design, code reviews, mentoring, guiding and monitoring programmers, ensuring adherence to programming and documentation policies, software development, testing and release. Required Skills and Experience: You provide application software development services or technical support typically in a defined project. Qualifications: 1-4 years experience, Bachelor’s Degree. Develops program logic for new applications or analyzes and modifies logic in existing applications Codes, tests, debugs, documents, implements and maintains software applications Analyzes requirements, and maintains, tests and integrates application components Ensures that system improvements are successfully implemented Should have progressing skills in Software Engineering Techniques, Software Engineering Architecture, Software Engineering Lifecycle and Data Management. Should have baseline skills on Business Analysis, Business Knowledge, Software Engineering Leadership, Architecture Knowledge and Technical Solution Design. Capgemini is an Equal Opportunity Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender identity/expression, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetics, veteran status, marital status or any other characteristic protected by law. This is a general description of the Duties, Responsibilities and Qualifications required for this position. Physical, mental, sensory or environmental demands may be referenced in an attempt to communicate the manner in which this position traditionally is performed. Whenever necessary to provide individuals with disabilities an equal employment opportunity, Capgemini will consider reasonable accommodations that might involve varying job requirements and/or changing the way this job is performed, provided that such accommodations do not pose an undue hardship. Click the following link for more information on your rights as an Applicant - http://www.capgemini.com/resources/equal-employment-opportunity-is-the-law About Capgemini A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50-year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of 200,000 team members in over 40 countries. The Group reported 2017 global revenues of EUR 12.8 billion (about $14.4 billion USD at 2017 average rate). Visit us at www.capgemini.com. People matter, results count.