Black Knight is the premier provider of integrated technology, services, data and analytics that lenders and servicers look to first to help successfully manage the entire loan life cycle. Our deep understanding of regulatory and compliance issues complements the knowledge, technology and solutions we offer to help our clients achieve their business goals. Black Knight offers leading software systems; data and analytics offerings; and information solutions that facilitate and automate many of the business processes across the mortgage life cycle. JOB FAMILY Responsible for analyzing data to gain insights to benefit the enterprise. Uses large data sets to find opportunities for product and process optimization and uses models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. Responsible for using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms and creating/running simulations. Use a flexible, analytical approach to design, develop, and evaluate predictive models and advanced algorithms that lead to optimal value extraction from the data. Drives business results with data-based insights and discovers solutions hidden in large data sets improve business outcomes. GENERAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES Works with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions. Mines and analyzes data from company databases to drive optimization and improvement of product development, marketing techniques and business strategies. Assesses the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques. Develops custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets. Uses predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, ad targeting and other business outcomes. Develops a testing framework and test model quality. Coordinates with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes. Develops processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy Performs other related duties as required. EDUCATIONAL GUIDELINES Bachelor’s degree in Mathematics, Finance or the equivalent combination of education, training, or work experience. Master’s degree or PHD in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or another quantitative field is strongly preferred. GENERAL KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS & ABILITIES Strong problem solving skills with an emphasis on product development Experience using statistical computer languages (Pig, Python, SLQ, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets Experience working with and creating data architectures Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications Excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams Experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models Coding knowledge and experience with several languages: C, C++, Java, JavaScript, etc. Knowledge and experience in statistical and data mining technique Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics: regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks, etc. Experience analyzing data from 3rd party providers: Google Analytics, Site Catalyst, Coremetrics, Adwords, Crimson Hexagon, etc. Experience with distributed data/computing tools: Map/Reduce, Hadoop, Hive, Spark, MySQL, etc. Experience visualizing/presenting data for stakeholders using: Periscope, Business Objects, D3, etc. JOB FAMILY LEVEL Entry-level role into the job family. Works with financial models of some complexity using advanced mathematical, analytical or econometric tools. Defines and discerns key aspects of problems that require intricate analysis and research, and develops moderately complex solutions within a broad technical and business context. Functions, somewhat independently, under general direction of more senior Financial Engineers or management. Generally works on a small number of projects as a project team member. Typically requires up to three (3) or more years of related work experience in developing mathematical formulas, algorithms and computer programs to create complex models of market trends and risks. _Black Knight is an AA/Equal Opportunity Employer_ _Minorities/Females/Disabled/Veterans_