We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it. For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer. And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on new modalities, self-driving cars and even urban air transportation, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next. About the Role As a Global Business Analytics Manager, you will build strong relationships with Product and Ops leadership around the world. You and your team are the interface between these key teams, and are accountable for driving rigorous planning and surfacing insights Global Operations, guiding priorities that result in global alignment for Ops and Product alike. With your leadership, this team will uncover business insights, coordinate global alignment in planning and priorities and drive key strategic programs and initiatives. The role is based in San Francisco and will work closely with the OX lead, Chief of Staff and Head of Operations, in addition to the Product Analytics team. You will help facilitate strategy with leaders from other functions (Product Management, Engineering, Design, Data Science) and drive alignment throughout the organisation with business insights that you and your team uncover. What You’ll Do You will create deep connections with Operations teams, partnering closely with RGMs, Heads of Regional Operations, Heads of Functional Areas, in addition to Product Leadership Have a deep understanding of our global business, key priorities, and strategic direction You will be the voice that bridges context between Product and Operations priorities You will partner with the Product Analytics team closely on business insight, planning and half-yearly prioritization Drive centralization across systems, templates and best practices in order to drive global efficiencies Understand the strengths and improvement opportunities for everyone on your team Lead by example and foster the right culture in your team and the broader OX team. What You’ll Need 5 - 7 years excelling in a Strategy, Product and/or Operations role at a consumer technology company Minimum 3 years of experience managing teams Ability to transition from big picture thinking/planning to implementation/speed Ability to set and communicate an inspiring vision AND get things done Exceptional communication skills - Experience with polished written, verbal, visual, and presentation communication. You should have experience communicating with multiple levels of an organization Entrepreneurial - Experience playing an integral part at the foundation of teams and/or companies Experience working on global initiatives About the Team As Uber Eats continues expansion to hundreds of cities around the world, understanding the unique, local opportunities we’re facing in different markets, and aggressively improving technology that fuels growth is critically important. On Product Ops, we strive to deeply integrate Product and Ops teams at every stage of product development. This tight collaboration ensures products deliver maximum value to our business and customers around the world.