Microsoft runs on trust. As our lives and businesses are becoming increasingly digitized, trust is the glue that holds our world together. To create and enhance this trust, we must proactively protect our customers, partners and Microsoft from operational risk. Some of the specific risks we mitigate in this space include fraud, corruption, counterfeiting, theft, impersonation, and harmful content. To do this, we work across vast ecosystems containing troves of data. We also work with the very latest technologies available as we build and scale modern, customer-centric solutions that offer unparalleled levels of risk protection. With every new transaction, our services get smarter and our customers get safer. Our Vetting & Forensic Services team subscribes to a 'lean startup' culture in managing products that include OneVet, Forensic Linguistics, Content Moderator and several undisclosed services. We embrace collaboration, agility, and the belief that experimentation (failing fast) drives innovation. In our daily work, we demonstrate growth mindset, integrity, grit, vision, curiosity and courage; we require you to bring those values as well. When you join this award-winning team, you will become a member of talented and diverse cohort of growth hackers- each of whom have big hearts and small egos. You will work with experts across domains that include business process automation, cloud architecture, AI/ML/NLP, computer vision, cybersecurity, philanthropy and operations. When surveyed anonymously, 100% of our team agreed that their roles had real purpose, and their job was more than just a job. Now let's talk about you. We are seeking a uniquely talented, insatiably curious Full Stack Software Engineer with strong experience architecting and building high-quality web applications, APIs and microservices to maintain high availability and reliability. You want to build best-in-class, highly scalable cloud solutions using robust coding practices and new tech. You have passion and desire to work under an Agile DevOps culture and enjoy the rhythm of a high paced startup-like environment. You relish the opportunity to create world-impacting solutions that most people wouldn't believe are possible, yet you also feel motivated when contributing in small ways. If this sounds like you, and you buy into the values and vision of our team, then come help us build a foundation of trust for our world's digital future. Responsibilities Responsibilities: Transform and think critically on many software disciplines including product design, usability, UI, business logic, scaling performance, self-healing solutions and 24x7 reliability. Build and support modern web applications and large scale distributed services. Produce high quality code that is unit tested, code reviewed, and checked in regularly for continuous integration. Collaborate with colleagues including product owners, UX designers, ML Engineers/Researchers, data scientists and other engineers to create delightful and meaningful experiences for our customers. Evangelize and/or propose new ideas while "bringing others along" with strong communications. Demonstrate a sense of pride, ownership, and personal accountability for the end-to-end product. Continuous learning and working with emerging technologies and services in Microsoft. Qualifications Basic Requirements: 5 years' minimum experience building web applications and services using .NET framework (C, C++, etc.). 2 years' minimum experience with Cloud Computing platforms like Microsoft Azure or AWS. A minimum of a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related field, or equivalent alternative education, skills, and/or practical experience is required. Preferred Skills 2+ years of experience with front-end technologies like TypeScript, Angular and upcoming web technologies. Strong understanding of data structures, algorithms, multi-threaded, asynchronous programming patterns and solving complex problems, strong inclination for architecting at scale. Excellent understanding of DevOps concepts like resource performance, security, continuous delivery and monitoring. Exposure to Agile software delivery; Familiarity with TFS and the Application Lifecycle Management using VSTS. Master’s in computer science or related field. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.