About Berkeley The University of California, Berkeley, is one of the world’s most iconic teaching and research institutions. Since 1868, Berkeley has fueled a perpetual renaissance, generating unparalleled intellectual, economic and social value in California, the United States and the world. Berkeley’s culture of openness, freedom and acceptance—academic and artistic, political and cultural—make it a very special place for students, faculty and staff. Berkeley is committed to hiring and developing staff who want to work in a high performing culture that supports the outstanding work of our faculty and students. In deciding whether to apply for a staff position at Berkeley, candidates are strongly encouraged to consider the alignment of the Berkeley Workplace Culture with their potential for success at http://jobs.berkeley.edu/why-berkeley.html. Application Review Date The First Review Date for this job is: Tuesday, June 19, 2018 Departmental Overview UC Berkeley School of Law (Boalt Hall) is one of the nation's great centers for legal education, ever exploring and pushing new intellectual boundaries while tackling urgent, real-world issues. Berkeley Law is also known for its vibrant and engaged community of students and scholars who are committed to providing leadership and making a difference on problems of local, national, and global import. Berkeley Law Information Systems & Technology (IS&T) department provides computing support for law school students, faculty, and staff, as well as support for phone and voice systems. The Helpdesk Analyst provides day-to-day consultation, training, instruction, trouble-shooting and communication to the personal computer (including laptop) user for hardware, software, network and related computer systems and peripheral devices; ensures their operation for individuals and groups of computer users; installs and configures systems; recommends hardware and software acquisitions and upgrades. Responsibilities User Support and Consulting Applies professional business/technical support concepts to provide workstation support, consultation, and training clients based on established departmental and IT guidelines. Identifies, documents, and reports network connectivity issues. Analyzes, documents, and diagnoses hardware and software issues. Gives feedback on replacements and upgrades when necessary. Coordinates with vendors for warranty repairs. Updates equipment inventory records. Properly escalates issues according to departmental process and supervisory guidance. Provides troubleshooting and support for internal systems as assigned by management. Performs user testing and quality assurance on systems and software. Updates internal department and client documentation.Keeps current with developments in the computing field by reading journals and technical magazines, contacting colleagues and attending conferences and seminars. Project Support Implements hardware and software deployment plans as directed by management Conducts hands-on inventory or system reconfiguration projects as directed by management Account Management Troubleshoots user account issues including password and access issues. Required Qualifications Bachelor's degree in related area or equivalent experience/training In depth knowledge of desktop and business/technical support systems; knowledge of desktop, laptop, mobile hardware and supported vendor products and services Expert knowledge of imaging, deploying and managing Windows 7/8/XP, Microsoft Office , OS X, Adobe and other productivity products in a networked environment Expert in PC/Mac hardware replacement and repair, enterprise workstation deployment and configuration, troubleshooting network connectivity issues, configuration of networked printers. Working knowledge of help desk ticketing systems (i.e. Footprints, ServiceNow, Zendesk) Working knowledge of configuration and troubleshooting of desktop email clients (Outlook, Thunderbird, Mail etc), mobile devices (iOS and Android) , web browsers (Chrome, IE, Firefox, Safari etc) and antivirus software Working knowledge of Google Apps for Education applications (mail, calendar, drive/docs) Working knowledge of Windows ActiveDirectory Strong analytical skills to troubleshoot and document issues Ability to work independently and in consultation with supervisor to resolve complex problems Experience with, and ability to, work on a team and to establish and maintain effective working relationships Excellent verbal and written communication skills Excellent interpersonal skills in order to work with both technical and nontechnical personnel at various levels in the organization, including senior and system application administrators as well as students, staff and faculty. Ability to prioritize and manage multiple projects and deadlines Demonstrated ability to exercise good judgment and make sound decisions independently; delegate/escalate issues appropriately Ability to lift 50 pounds Proven ability to exercise discretion at all times Preferred Qualifications Working knowledge of UCB campus computer requirements, recommendations and policies, including security standards Experience with Symantec Ghost, WAIK and WSIM in an enterprise environment Salary & Benefits This is a non-exempt, hourly role. Hourly pay rage: $21.70 - $28.84, commensurate with experience. For information on the comprehensive benefits package offered by the University visit: http://ucnet.universityofcalifornia.edu/compensation-and-benefits/index.html How to Apply Please submit your cover letter and resume as a single attachment when applying. Conviction History Background This is a designated position requiring fingerprinting and a background check due to the nature of the job responsibilities. Berkeley does hire people with conviction histories and reviews information received in the context of the job responsibilities. The University reserves the right to make employment contingent upon successful completion of the background check. Equal Employment Opportunity The University of California is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status. For more information about your rights as an applicant see: http://www.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/poster_screen_reader_optimized.pdf For the complete University of California nondiscrimination and affirmative action policy see: http://policy.ucop.edu/doc/4000376/NondiscrimAffirmAct