Under the supervision of the Assistant Dean of Graduate and Online Admissions, the primary function is to implement the recruitment and admissions program for MTS Chicago Seminary School to achieve the Moody Theological Seminary- Chicago enrollment goals for all academic programs and venues of the Seminary. Essential Functions _Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of the position._ Assists the Assistant Dean of Graduate and Online Admissions with developing the recruitment strategies for seminary programs; MTS Chicago and venues. Implements and evaluates the recruitment strategies and admissions program for the undergraduate programs; all campuses and venues. Coordinates MTS-Chicago faculty participation in student recruitment. Meets with faculty as needed. Assists with training and mentoring all new/younger Admissions Counselors; seminary. Conducts personal interviews with prospective students for Admission to the Chicago campus. Phone and/or email interviews may be substituted when campus visits are not feasible. Maintains timely and consistent contact with all applicants, from initial submission through matriculation. Oversee the timely operation of the follow-up process for incomplete files. Travels for college fairs, conferences and other events for the purpose of identifying and cultivating quality candidates for enrollment. Responsible for making trip arrangements and sending pre-trip/conference mailings. Submits (at least) monthly reports to the Assistant Dean of Graduate and Online Admissions that updates the new student applicant/admission status and statistics. Demonstrates competency to assume long term special initiatives as assigned by the Assistant Dean of Graduate and Online Admissions Perform other duties and/or projects as assigned by the Assistant Dean of Graduate and Online Admissions. Minimum Requirements Bachelor’s Degree Organizational skills, planning, self-motivation, accountability, delegation, and evaluation are also essential. A working knowledge of admission software; experience with an integrated database is beneficial. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Affinity and enthusiastic commitment to the mission of Moody Bible Institute. Preferred Requirements Master’s Degree Two years’ admissions/recruitment experience, or five years of admissions/recruitment experience required. Other relevant experience may be considered. Work Environment/Conditions This job operates in a professional office environment. This role routinely uses standard office equipment such as computers, phones, photocopiers, filing cabinets and fax machines. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to talk or hear. The employee frequently is required to stand; walk; use hands to finger, handle or feel; and reach with hands and arms. The employee is occasionally required to sit; climb or balance; and stoop, kneel, crouch or crawl. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 10 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and ability to adjust focus. This is a full-time position: Monday through Friday, 8:00 a.m. to 5 p.m. Moderate statewide travel is expected for this position Additional Information Moody Bible Institute is a Christ-centered, multicultural community that values and seeks faculty and staff who are committed to diversity, work effectively with diverse populations, and engage others in ways that honor our rich cultural mosaic and biblical foundation. Candidates must align with MBI’s Christian identity. Employees are expected to sign a Statement of Faith and adhere to the Community Standards. We comply with all applicable laws pertaining to nondiscrimination on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, age, disability, and any other applicable legally protected category. As a religious institution, we have the right to, and do, require that employees hold beliefs consistent with our Doctrinal Statement and conduct themselves in a manner consistent with our religious beliefs, including as explained in our Community Standards.