Join the team that powers the City of Redmond More than anything, our people make us great. City of Redmond employees view each day as an adventure and a new opportunity to shine. Our people bring unique skills and qualities to the table, embrace the values of integrity, accountability and commitment to service-and love working collaboratively to take our city to even greater heights. Our employees thrive in an environment where thinking creatively, taking chances and trying new things are the status quo. It's what's helping to make Redmond the ideal place to live, work, play and invest. In every city department, innovation is the engine that powers our work forward-and all ideas and solutions are welcomed. Together, our talented teams have contributed to Redmond's recognition by Money Magazine as the" 5th Best Small City in the Nation to Live." Our parks are exceptional, our crime rate is low, and our business community is vibrant. When you work for the City of Redmond, you'll enjoy a healthy work/life balance with continuing education programs, leadership academies, wellness incentives, and a total rewards benefits program. Take a spin around our website and discover how the City of Redmond can make your next career move a great one. The Police Volunteer Program Coordinator organizes, manages and oversees the Redmond Police Department Volunteer Program. Essential Functions: Strategize, coordinate and manage the recruitment of volunteers. Develop marketing and recruiting strategy using a variety of mediums to build and maintain a diverse pool of volunteers. Develop training materials and conduct new volunteer orientation and training. Assess risk management and provide training to minimize risk. Supervise volunteer staff. Manage program budgets and resources. Identify volunteer needs for short and long-term projects.Maintain current volunteer roles and develop further opportunities as needed. Maintain and administer database of volunteer hours and create reports on volunteer related statistics. Write and monitor grants. Participate in community engagement efforts of the Redmond Police Department. Click here to view the complete job classification. UPON CLOSER LOOK: Qualifications: Knowledge of and Skilled in: Program planning. Structure and functions of City government. Strategic communications. Facilitating community participation. Grant writing. Database management. Filing and maintaining specialized records. Use of personal computer equipment and software. Ability to: Organize and present ideas. Analyze data. Work independently. Motivate and supervise volunteer staff. Establish and maintain effective interpersonal working relationships and demonstrate customer service skills. Handle stressful situations. Network and work effectively with a diverse community. Communicate effectively, orally and in writing, with department staff, other agencies and the public, and adhere to strict confidentiality requirements. DO YOU HAVE WHAT IT TAKES: Education and Experience: Any combination equivalent to: Four year degree from an accredited college or university with major course work in social sciences, public administration, communication, law enforcement or related field. Minimum of two years of successful work experience in this or a related field. Up to two years of the four year degree may be substituted with relevant work experience. Licenses and Certificates: Must possess a valid Washington State driver's license by date of hire and maintain an insurable driving record by City standards. Washington State Patrol's ACCESS certification must be completed within 6 months of hire. FOR MORE INFORMATION: Working Conditions: Work is performed primarily in an office environment. May be required to occasionally lift boxes or files, usually not exceeding 30 pounds. Occasional weekend and evening work may be required. Benefits: The City of Redmond offers an excellent benefits package including: flexible work hours; medical, dental and vision benefits; paid sick leave, vacation and holidays; life insurance; retirement; and career development including tuition reimbursement. Union Affiliation: Fulfillment of bargaining unit membership is required within 30 days of hire. City of Redmond Values: Integrity: We demonstrate sound, honest, truthful and consistent actions. Accountability: We take ownership of our actions and responsibilities. Commitment to Service: We are dedicated to seeking solutions for our community. Selection Process: Please submit cover letter and resume with your online application by the closing date. Top candidates will be invited to an oral interview. Background Investigation: Polygraph, drug screening, medical exam and extensive on-site background investigation will also be required of selected candidates being considered for hire. Automatic Disqualifiers: The City of Redmond Police Department will automatically disqualify any individual who has at any time: Been convicted of a felony (or pled nolo contendere to a felony charge) or any offense that would be a felony if committed in Washington State, or has been incarcerated for any crime. Sold marijuana, narcotics or dangerous drugs. All illegal drug use will be closely scrutinized on a case by case basis. Had a pattern of abusing prescription medication. Been dishonorably discharged from the United States armed forces. Received more than two moving traffic violations within the preceding 3 years; or reckless driving violation within the preceding 5 years; or driving while license suspended within the preceding 5 years; or driving while intoxicated within the preceding five years. Been involved in more than one motor vehicle accident within the preceding 3 years for which the applicant received a traffic or criminal citation and was convicted, forfeited bail, or entered a plea of "guilty" or "nolo contendere." Been previously employed as a law enforcement agent and since has committed or violated federal, state or city laws pertaining to criminal activity. Committed any serious violation of Federal, State, City or County laws. Lied during any stage of the hiring process. Falsified his or her personal history questionnaire or application, or failed to disclose pertinent information. Been convicted of any crime under a domestic violence statue. Unlawful sexual misconduct. Discretionary Disqualifiers: The following disqualifiers may, upon review by the Redmond Police Department, make you ineligible to become a City of Redmond Police Program Coordinator: Alcohol or substance misuse and/or abuse. Excessive traffic violations. Commission of a felony. A demonstrated unwillingness to honor fiscal contracts or just debts. Any other conduct or pattern of conduct that would tend to disrupt, diminish, or otherwise jeopardize public trust in the law enforcement profession. An inability to perform the essential functions of a Police Support Specialist.