The Operations System Administrator (OSA) provides OS, SW & HW support calls on Windows, OSX & Linux for DreamWorks Animation. The role supports the needs of multiple departments with multiple needs in a fast paced production environment at multiple sites. The job requires excellent verbal & written communication skills, strong customer service focus, and abilities to work in a team & independently, learn on the fly, follow procedures and suggest improvements. Job Responsibilities: Building, installing, maintaining and troubleshooting Linux, OSX & Windows desktops & laptops User account administration Software & license installation Application debugging User support (phones, ticketing system, and deskside visits) Develop & document tools/procedures Install & maintain 3rd party software & licensing Set up & move systems as necessary Analyze issues & create solutions for HW & SW problems Daily & weekly preventative maintenance procedures Desired Characteristics Bachelor degree in Computer Science or related field Strong customer service skills Prior UNIX/Linux/Windows experience is a must Excellent verbal and written communication skills Ability to learn quickly and work in a fast paced environment Scripting experience (Perl, VBS, shell, etc.) Systems administration experience a plus Experience in a production environment desired Sub-Business Film Animation Technology Career Level Experienced City Glendale State/Province California Country United States About Us From the award-winning storytellers, artist and innovators at DreamWorks Animation and DreamWorks Animation Television come the beloved characters and stories that come alive on the big and small screens. From films like Shrek, How to Train Your Dragon and Trolls to original TV series including Trollhunters, Voltron and Home: Adventures with Tip & Oh, DreamWorks Animation continues to bring home the laughter, fun and courage to dream. Visit www.dreamworksanimation.com to see our latest animated film and television productions. DreamWorks is a division of NBCUniversal. At NBCUniversal, we believe in the talent of our people. It’s our passion and commitment to excellence that drives NBCU’s vast portfolio of brands to succeed. From broadcast and cable networks, news and sports platforms, to film, world-renowned theme parks and a diverse suite of digital properties, we take pride in all that we do and all that we represent. It’s what makes us uniquely NBCU. Here you can create the extraordinary. Join us. Notices NBCUniversal’s policy is to provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, gender identity or expression, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, disability, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy, veteran status, membership in the uniformed services, genetic information, or any other basis protected by applicable law. NBCUniversal will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with relevant legal requirements, including the City of Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative For Hiring Ordinance, where applicable.