Driver Services Representative - Job Number: 182114 - Full-time Monday - Friday, 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Shift : 1st Shift The Schneider Organization has an immediate need for an enthusiastic and driven individual to be part of our team in the role of Driver Services Technician. Your main responsibility will be to provide excellent customer service to both drivers and independent contractors in the areas of yard flow, fueling, shipment assignments, regulatory permits along with other required administrative support. You will work closely with a variety of departments in a fast paced environment where you’ll be responsible for analyzing various data elements and solving any problems that arise. This position will set you on your way to a career of interesting challenges and limitless opportunities. Duties and responsibilities include but are not limited to: Welcomes drivers at the entrance gate, records unit numbers and status in the computer. Verifies proper security and communicates maintenance procedures as units enter and exit Operating Center gates. Completes fuel related duties including completing forms, reconciling fuel inventory stock and posts current fuel prices. Enters fuel delivery data into Web based system. Stocks, inventories and issues driver supplies, parts, forms and printed material in accordance with published instructions. Examples: king pin locks, load straps, padlocks, oil, lights, log books. Proactively communicates with drivers, operations, and other maintenance associates regarding maintenance issues. Provides drivers with detailed information on work status of equipment. By choosing a career with Schneider, we improve your life by offering: Annual profit sharing bonuses available Strong work/life balance that includes paid holidays and generous personal time off Medical, dental and vision insurance plus company-paid life insurance 401(k) savings plan with company match plus a company-paid retirement plan Tuition reimbursement and free financial service assistance Health Care Spending Account Resilient, values-based culture that drives safety, integrity in every action, respect and excellence in all we do Individual development opportunities through company-paid training, active leadership involvement and more than 170 online personal development courses Our preferred candidate will have: High school diploma/GED or two years prior work experience; customer service or industry experience preferred Strong work ethic with a professional, positive attitude Creative problem-solving and decision-making skills Ability to prioritize workload and thrive in a fast paced team environment Excellent written and verbal communication skills An innovative, goal-oriented and results driven approach Ability to be flexible in both work hours and task assignment Able to meet physical requirements such as lifting, moving and standing Company Overview Schneider is a premier provider of truckload, logistics and intermodal services. Offering the broadest portfolio of services in the industry, Schneider’s solutions include Van Truckload, Dedicated, Regional, Bulk, Intermodal, Transportation Management, Supply Chain Management, Warehousing and Port Logistics services. A $3.9 billion company, Schneider has provided expert transportation and logistics solutions since 1935. The Schneider Way: We treat our customers, associates, shareholders and suppliers with honesty, dignity and respect. We are a desirable employer due to our commitment to achieving mutually beneficial, lasting relationships. We are a responsible member of the community. Core Values: Safety-first and always Integrity in every action Respect for all Excellence in all that we do Rise to the challenge and become a part of the Schneider family. Be the difference with a leader in an industry that impacts the world. Apply today! http://www.schneiderjobs.com We are an equal opportunity employer. Job : Office Primary Location : USA-TEXAS-Dallas Job Posting : Jul 26, 2018, 3:26:02 PM