Description TriNet is a leading provider of comprehensive human resources solutions for small to midsize businesses (SMBs). We enhance business productivity by enabling our clients to outsource their HR function to one strategic partner and allowing them to focus on operating and growing their core businesses. Our full-service HR solutions include features such as payroll processing, human capital consulting, employment law compliance and employee benefits, including health insurance, retirement plans and workers’ compensation insurance. TriNet has a nationwide presence and an experienced executive team. Our stock is publicly traded on the NYSE under the ticker symbol TNET. If you’re passionate about innovation and making an impact on the large SMB market, come join us as we power our clients’ business success with extraordinary HR. Qualifications JOB SUMMARY/OVERVIEW The Network Engineer is responsible for installing and maintaining network infrastructure by configuring and supporting all Cisco and F5 equipment; troubleshooting network problems and performing daily support of customers, including other internal IT departments. ESSENTIAL DUTIES/RESPONSIBILITIES Configuring and deploying new network equipment, while documenting setup and enforcing network standards. Monitoring network activity to ensure optimum performance, proactive response to problems and high network availability. Securing network systems by enforcing policies and monitoring access. Approaches network support with network security in mind. Providing recommendations and specifications for upgrades to network equipment to accommodate growth and changing application and user requirements. Troubleshooting network problems and outages; scheduling upgrades; collaborating with network architect on network optimization. This includes servicing of IT networking tickets received through helpdesk system. Supporting branch offices to identify and resolve network-related problems. Reporting problems to the network providers. Conducting problem resolution with the provider’s technical staff and verifying post-resolution network performance. Managing projects such as field office standardization and re-IPs. This includes working with other groups in IT and the business in scheduling and coordinated implementations. Other projects and responsibilities may be added at the manager’s discretion. JOB REQUIREMENTS AND QUALIFICATIONS Education: Bachelor’s degree; or equivalent combination of education and experience. Training Requirements (licenses, programs, or certificates): CCNA certification required, CCNP preferred. Experience: Minimum 5 years of experience in support corporate networks. Minimum 5 years of experience configuring and supporting Cisco IOS routers and switches. Minimum 5 years of experience with Cisco ASA firewalls, both CLI and ASDM based. This includes knowledge of AnyConnect based VPN. Minimum 3 years of experience with EIGRP, including prefix-lists, route-tags and route-maps. Knowledgeable with AWS and Azure. Other Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: Excellent verbal and written communication skills, including the ability to produce clear and concise memos, recommendations and status reports. Must be able to interact at multiple levels of the corporation with patience, courtesy, diplomacy and professionalism. TriNet is a team environment and supporting the business and other groups in IT requires a candidate that can be approachable and helpful. Must be able to develop ideas and articulate these ideas to their team members, to management and to internal customers. A demonstrated commitment to high professional ethical standards and a diverse workplace. Ability to adapt to a fast paced continually changing business and work environment while managing multiple priorities. Strong understanding of network monitoring and performance management platforms and tools. Must demonstrate strong aptitude in logical and analytical thinking. Ability to independently research and solve problems. Ability to use analytical skills to troubleshoot network problems and outages and offering creative solutions to problems. Ability to learn new technologies quickly and independently. Job experience with Cisco DMVPN networks and F5 load-balancer is a plus. WORK ENVIRONMENT/OTHER INFORMATION (Travel required, physical requirements, on-call schedules, etc.) Minimal travel required. Work in clean, pleasant, and comfortable office setting. Must be able to meet deadlines and changing priorities. Must be able to occasionally work in a high-pressured environment. Some lifting will be required as necessary to move and mount network hardware. Will occasionally require work at home and within an office during non-business hours. Please Note: TriNet reserves the right to change or modify job duties and assignments at any time. The above job description is not all encompassing. Position functions and qualifications may vary depending on business necessity. TriNet is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate against applicants based on race, religion, color, disability, medical condition, legally protected genetic information, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, marital status, gender identity or expression, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions), age, veteran status or other legally protected characteristics. Any applicant with a mental or physical disability who requires an accommodation during the application process should contact a company manager, a company officer or a TriNet HR representative to request such an accommodation.