Job Title: Director, Network Architecture Department: Shift: 1st Specialty: Job Number: 2018-1102 Date Posted: 08/08/2018 Position Type: Job Qualifications: Director, Network Architecture Newly-created role reporting to the Chief Information Security Officer at Rush! Position Highlights: This position has overall responsibility for all aspects of the Information Security engineering and architecture functions for Rush. Providing strategic security focus directions and defining, planning and directing all key information security engineering initiatives. Identifying developing, implementing, and maintaining security-related processes that reduce Rush's operational risks. This is a highly visible role that requires a forward- thinking mindset, providing leadership to the IT security team, while ensuring the team proactively analyzes and responds to all threats, deploying risk mitigation strategies, processes and procedures. Position Responsibilities: Develops and drives Rush's global information security technology and architecture group to include network, firewall, endpoint, mobile, wireless, cloud and email security strategies Coordinates with enterprise architecture groups to ensure cross functional approaches are both secure and compliant. Leads the identity and access function including multi factor authentication and privileged account management across the organization. Ownership of the central management function for all security reviews and advisory inputs needed on IT projects across the enterprise. Ensures security solutions are integrated into technology as early in the lifecycle as possible. Coordinates the execution of all IT Security tools, technologies, people, processes and procedures enterprise-wide, ensuring internal and external compliance to the established standards. Provides Rush's Leadership team updates on security posture; educating stakeholders on importance and role of employees maintaining a secure corporate environment. Manages capital and operating budget for all labor and equipment associated with information security systems. Position Qualifications Include: Bachelor degree in Computer Science required; Master in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering preferred. 10 years of experience as a leader of the security architect management for a large complex organization. Experience building world class security strategies and executing on them. Experience building effective internal and external relationships, and interact effectively with individuals at all levels. Experience influencing and collaborating to get work done through others. Experience perceiving threats facing organizations and experience recognizing how these threats can become transformed into attacks, and safeguarding the organization. Experience with technical controls and resolving information security problems. Experience with ensuring compliance with all information security policies, standards and guidelines in the development of IS plans. Experience defining and articulating business impacts and risk to technical and non-technical team members. Certifications in ISC2's Certified Secure Software Lifecycle Professional (CSSLP), Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA), Certified Information Systems Security Professional or TOGAF (CISSP) preferred. Company Highlights: Rush is an academic health system comprising Rush University Medical Center, Rush Copley Medical Center and Rush Oak Park Hospital. Ranked among the top academic medical centers in the country, Rush University Medical Center is an outstanding place to enhance your career. Everything we do centers on one goal: improving patient care. For demonstrating leadership in the use of information technology, Rush University Medical Center and Rush Oak Park Hospital have been listed among the most wired hospitals in the nation by Hospitals & Health Networks magazine. Rush has been named one of the 100 Top Hospitals in the country by Truven Health Analytics three times. Ranked among the top 20 best places to work in healthcare by Indeed. Rush is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics. Director, Network Architecture Newly-created role reporting to the Chief Information Security Officer at Rush! Position Highlights: This position has overall responsibility for all aspects of the Information Security engineering and architecture functions for Rush. Providing strategic security focus directions and defining, planning and directing all key information security engineering initiatives. Identifying developing, implementing, and maintaining security-related processes that reduce Rush's operational risks. This is a highly visible role that requires a forward- thinking mindset, providing leadership to the IT security team, while ensuring the team proactively analyzes and responds to all threats, deploying risk mitigation strategies, processes and procedures. Position Responsibilities: Develops and drives Rush's global information security technology and architecture group to include network, firewall, endpoint, mobile, wireless, cloud and email security strategies Coordinates with enterprise architecture groups to ensure cross functional approaches are both secure and compliant. Leads the identity and access function including multi factor authentication and privileged account management across the organization. Ownership of the central management function for all security reviews and advisory inputs needed on IT projects across the enterprise. Ensures security solutions are integrated into technology as early in the lifecycle as possible. Coordinates the execution of all IT Security tools, technologies, people, processes and procedures enterprise-wide, ensuring internal and external compliance to the established standards. Provides Rush's Leadership team updates on security posture; educating stakeholders on importance and role of employees maintaining a secure corporate environment. Manages capital and operating budget for all labor and equipment associated with information security systems. Position Qualifications Include: Bachelor degree in Computer Science required; Master in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering preferred. 10 years of experience as a leader of the security architect management for a large complex organization. Experience building world class security strategies and executing on them. Experience building effective internal and external relationships, and interact effectively with individuals at all levels. Experience influencing and collaborating to get work done through others. Experience perceiving threats facing organizations and experience recognizing how these threats can become transformed into attacks, and safeguarding the organization. Experience with technical controls and resolving information security problems. Experience with ensuring compliance with all information security policies, standards and guidelines in the development of IS plans. Experience defining and articulating business impacts and risk to technical and non-technical team members. Certifications in ISC2's Certified Secure Software Lifecycle Professional (CSSLP), Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA), Certified Information Systems Security Professional or TOGAF (CISSP) preferred. Company Highlights: Rush is an academic health system comprising Rush University Medical Center, Rush Copley Medical Center and Rush Oak Park Hospital. Ranked among the top academic medical centers in the country, Rush University Medical Center is an outstanding place to enhance your career. Everything we do centers on one goal: improving patient care. For demonstrating leadership in the use of information technology, Rush University Medical Center and Rush Oak Park Hospital have been listed among the most wired hospitals in the nation by Hospitals & Health Networks magazine. Rush has been named one of the 100 Top Hospitals in the country by Truven Health Analytics three times. Ranked among the top 20 best places to work in healthcare by Indeed. Rush is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics.