Min Salary: 50,000.00 Max Salary: 60,000.00 Avenica actively recruits college graduates seeking entry level positions using a proven, personalized process to connect grads with great jobs, not with an app or an algorithm. Whether you are fresh out of college and looking for your first real job, or a few years out and looking to redirect your entry level career, we can help you. Our model focuses on finding the right candidate for each position. To learn more, visit our website at www.Avenica.com. The Analyst/Assistant will encourage the company's growth and goals by providing high-level support for our client by serving as a contact and knowledge resource. Performs analysis on performance data, and shares findings with other departments and clients. Candidates must be analytical and possess excellent communication/relationship skills. All majors are encouraged to apply! Position Responsibilities May Include: Perform detailed information gathering from a wide variety of sources Develop and manage projects and initiatives to meet the clients’ business needs Communicate with all levels to troubleshoot processes and resolve complex issues. Perform annual strategic review of all product categories and delivers insights to the Purchasing Department, HR Department, Finance Department, and others Diagnose and challenge current business in order to improve profit, optimize inventory, and determine if we have the right space allocated to the department Perform analysis and consulting activities to help client meet business goals Work with other teams to facilitate the support process and work toward issue resolution Develop and maintain strong client business relationships Perform problem determination, analysis and resolution for clients’ functional, financial, and accounting issues Organize, prioritize, and handle multiple tasks/assignments/projects Participate in proactive team efforts to achieve departmental and company goals, while contributing insight and support Provide leadership to others through example and sharing of knowledge/skill Maintain professionalism in all verbal and written communications Compile revenue and statistical data for a variety of projects Terrific training ground for someone who likes to deal with people Job Requirements: Bachelor’s degree- All degrees are encouraged to apply! Economics, Business, Math, Statistics, History, Psychology, Communications, Business, Anthropology, Liberal Arts, Biology, English, Criminal Justice, Political Science, etc. Excellent communication skills Avenica considers the entire candidate – not just specific college degree or work experience – while trying to find a perfect career match. If we believe we can be a valuable resource to you in your job search, we will help you identify your transferable skills, discuss potential career options, and coach you on your resume and interview skills. All of our services are free of charge to job seekers. Our customized and personalized approach has helped us connect thousands of college graduates to meaningful entry-level jobs at high-growth companies. Avenica is an Equal Opportunity Employer and encourages applicants of all ages, experiences, and backgrounds to apply for open positions. Avenica does not discriminate on the basis an applicant’s age, race, color, creed, religion, national origin, sex, marital status, disability, sexual orientation, or status with regard to public assistance.