Big Data Engineer and Hadoop Administrator Tempe, AZ $100-120K Company is looking for top engineers to help build next generation data analytic and big data platforms and software solutions. The Big Data Engineer position works in an agile environment interacting with multiple technology and business areas designing and developing next generation analytics platforms and applications. The Engineer is responsible for the strategy and design of complex projects as well as coding, and also supports project planning and mentoring. Effective communication is important as this individual will be interfacing with different areas including business clients, technology, architecture and infrastructure services. Job Qualifications Primary skills : Proven track record with Hadoop administration Administration experience on Hadoop, HDFS, YARN, Spark, Sentry/Ranger, HBase and Zookeeper Design, install, and maintain big data analytics platforms (on-prem/cloud) including design, security, capacity planning, cluster setup and performance tuning. Deep understanding of distributed Hadoop ecosystem, networking connectivity and IO throughput along with other factors that affect distributed system performance Expert in configuring & troubleshooting of all the components in the Hadoop ecosystem like MapReduce, YARN, Pig, Hive, HBase, Sqoop, Flume, Zookeeper, Oozie (understanding of all these) Experience in installing/configuring cluster monitoring tools like Cloudera Manager/Ambari, Ganglia, or Nagios. (one of these) Hands-on experience with scripting with bash, perl, ruby, or python (one of these) Working knowledge of hardening Hadoop with Kerberos, TLS,SSL and HDFS encryption. Working knowledge on Jenkins, git, AWS. Good understanding on automation tools (e.g., Puppet, Ansible) Secondary: Manage public and private cloud infrastructure. Expert in configuring & troubleshooting of all the components in the Hadoop ecosystem Spark, Solr, Scala, Kafka etc. Working closely with the various teams – data science, database, network, BI and application teams to make sure that all the big data applications are highly available and performing as expected Working knowledge on Jenkins, git, AWS.