Cummins is a place big enough to coach and develop a global workforce and create the world’s leading clean, engine technology. We’re also small enough for you to find your fit and personal passion with a team of dependable, innovative thinkers who are developing their careers within a diverse, inclusive, empowering environment. Learn more about this role and how you can begin _Working Right_. Our Power Generation Business Unit delivers reliable, durable, high performing products to our global partners. Working in an innovative space, you’ll develop high tech solutions that will fuel your advanced career skill set and empower you to own your career. Our integrated businesses demand the talents and creativity of individuals with a wide range of skills and experience. This is an exciting opportunity in Fridley, Minnesota for a Supply Chain Planner. Cummins USA is where you can work on industry leading engineering projects such as New Product Development, Value Package Introduction and Systems Product Validation. Your impact will happen in these and other ways: · S upporting material planning for incoming Engineer-To-Order (ETO) commodities. · Project management and production scheduling experience preferred. · To plan and maintain daily Supply Chain operations in one or more functional areas such as materials, production, inventory, logistics, customer service, demand management or order fulfillment. · Ensures internal and external customers' expectations and requirements are met. · Develop planning system strategies to improve signals across the supply chain . · Monitor and adjust parameters in the planning system. · Use common processes tools, and information systems. · Analyze and interpret Key Performance Indicators to identify areas for improvement and action plans. · Execute the daily operational planning process within a specified functional area. Identify potential supply chain failures as part of the planning process and mitigate associated risks. · Work closely with stakeholders - internal and/or external to develop short term tactical improvements. · Use the planning system to drive consistent planning signals across the supply chain . · Participate in functional process improvement teams . · Qualifications Skills Supply Chain Knowledge - Works in or with the Supply Chain functions and has knowledge of how the functions work to meet our end customer’s requirements. Inventory Control And Management - Understand inventory control and management principals and how they impact the local and global supply chain. Understand how the inventory management principles and objectives must tie together to insure continuity in the supply chain. Production Planning - Specialized training in line balancing, inventory planning, scheduling, etc. Able to effectively use these tools to adjust to changes in production in the current system. Able to implement changes with appropriate support. Analytical Reasoning - Applies basic research methodologies and statistical analysis to solve problems. Synthesizes and analyzes low to moderately complex data, information and evidence in order to draw meaningful conclusions. Attention to detail - Pays attention to all the details of what is communicated, either written, orally, or presented. Able to break down requirements to task level to enable accomplishment. Achieves thoroughness and accuracy when accomplishing a task through concern for all the areas involved. Provides information in a useable form and on a timely basis to others who need to act on it. Communication (Written And Verbal) - Effectively expresses messages and ideas in a clear, organized and relevant manner for a variety of audiences. Develops organized, complete, and convincing communications. Communicates information at a level appropriate for the intended audience. Relationship Management - Develops rapport, builds trust, and creates value in relationships. Identifies networking opportunities and effectively communicates across functions, BU's, and with both internal and external business partners. Education, Licenses, Certifications B.S or B.A in applicable field APICS Certification Required (or Equivalent) Experience Minimum 2 years Supply Chain experience, preferably in Supply Chain Planning Compensation and Benefits Base salary rate commensurate with experience. Additional benefits vary between locations and include options such as our 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan, Cash Balance Pension Plan, Medical/Dental/Life Insurance, Health Savings Account, Domestic Partners Coverage and a full complement of personal and professional benefits. Cummins and E-verify At Cummins, we are an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer dedicated to diversity in the workplace. Our policy is to provide equal employment opportunities to all qualified persons without regard to race, gender, color, disability, national origin, age, religion, union affiliation, sexual orientation, veteran status, citizenship, gender identity and/or expression, or other status protected by law. Cummins validates right to work using E-Verify. Cummins will provide the Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), with information from each new employee’s Form I-9 to confirm work authorization. Ready to think beyond your desk? Apply for this opportunity to start your career with Cummins today. careers.cummins.com Not ready to apply but want to learn more? Join our Talent Community to get the inside track on great jobs and confidentially connect to our recruiting team: http://connect.find.ly/cummins Job SUPPLY CHAIN PLANNING Primary Location United States-Minnesota-Minneapolis-US, MN, Fridley, Cummins Power Generation Job Type Experienced - Professional / Office Recruitment Job Type Professional - Experienced Job Posting Jun 15, 2018, 10:25:30 AM Unposting Date Ongoing