Job Description Applicant for this position will be responsible developing product health indicators to monitor quality of our hardware and software product releases. This person will also be responsible for designing metrics and implementing them using flexible, scalable data architecture that satisfy business needs while promoting stability and data integrity. This person will work on both strategic and tactical projects. Data Analysts also work with big datasets to uncover patterns and solutions within the data as needed. They will work with IT enterprise architects, Intel Business Unit subject matter experts and end customers to understand business processes and system functionality to develop conceptual, logical data structures. Provide expertise to drive integration of business data, functions, and systems. Partner with various cross-functional teams to guide the integration of data across multiple platforms. The ideal candidate should exhibit the following behavioral traits: Strong analytical skills, especially with regard to tracing and understanding data flows and transformations. Demonstrated clear written and verbal communications skills with customers and stakeholders. Ability to document decisions, adhere to standards, and communicate actively within a group. Qualifications You must possess the below minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position. Preferred qualifications are in addition to the minimum requirements and are considered a plus factor in identifying top candidates. Relevant experience can be obtained through school work, classes and project work, internships, military training, and/or work experience. This is an entry level position and will be compensated accordingly. Minimum Qualifications: The candidate must have a Bachelor or Master's degree in Information Systems, Computer Science or related field. At the BS level this position is open to U.S. Workers Only. A U.S. Worker is someone who is either a U.S. Citizen, U.S. National, U.S. Lawful Permanent Resident, or a person granted Refugee or Asylum status by the U.S. Government. Intel will not sponsor a foreign national for this position at the BS level. Minimum 3 months of experience with: Advanced SQL writing/reading skills. Data Mining Research Statistical skills. Scripting languages such as Perl, Python. Preferred Qualifications: Knowledge of Intel Enterprise data systems Inside this Business Group As the world's largest chip manufacturer, Intel strives to make every facet of semiconductor manufacturing state-of-the-art - from semiconductor process development and manufacturing, through yield improvement to packaging, final test and optimization, and world class Supply Chain and facilities support. Employees in the Technology and Manufacturing Group are part of a worldwide network of design, development, manufacturing, and assembly/test facilities, all focused on utilizing the power of Moore’s Law to bring smart, connected devices to every person on Earth Other Locations US, California, Santa Clara;US, Oregon, Hillsboro Posting Statement. Intel prohibits discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other legally protected status.