Responsible for identifying and documenting business processes through interviewing clients and reviewing and analyzing existing systems and processes. Articulates interrelationships and recasts business flow into system specifications. Conducts gap analyses to document discrepancies between business requirements and system capabilities. May develop project plans and ensure plan adherence. As system development progresses, may have input into reporting requirements/report development, user interfaces, and coordinates or conducts UAT and the final evaluation of the system solution. Serves as liaison between line business (client) and the IT organization. Essential Functions: Requirements definition and analysis: collects and researches specific client requirements for projects, identifies requirements, gathers workflow data and basic system and reporting specifications. Develops, implements, and supports common business processes and tools. Recommends basic alternatives to address problems. Project planning and execution: participates in project management process, including participating in project meetings. May document issues, action items, user requirements, or deliverables from project meetings. Performs a variety of project related activities, including analysis or preparation of documentation and presentations. Accomplishes all work within established methodologies and standards. Business User/Owner Application Support: Provides 2nd and 3rd tier application support for assigned application(s). Monitors production batch and ad hoc jobs as required to ensure proper functioning and completion of business operations. Researches and resolves technical and functional issues according to defined prioritization/severity scheme. Influences client and gains commitment to changes required. Account Management: Manages relationships with assigned customers/internal clients. Business and Process Improvement: Identifies opportunities for business or process improvement; makes associated recommendations and implements as appropriate.