Company Overview GGP Inc. is a leading real estate investment trust (REIT) that owns and operates high-quality retail properties that provide an engaging experience in an outstanding environment. Our regional shopping centers are destinations for retail, lifestyle, dining, entertainment and so much more. We are an S&P; 500 company, headquartered in Chicago, with retail properties in 40 states spanning from Hawaii to Maine. At GGP, values matter. Our passionate team is comprised of experts across a range of specialties that share a goal to ensure our properties are continuously evolving and innovating to meet the needs of our communities. Our company culture celebrates collaboration, encourages an entrepreneurial spirit and values diversity. We are very proud to retain premier talent who are in it to win it. We invite you to be part of our success story. Position Overview GGP is seeking a solutions oriented and experienced data visualization report developer to join the business intelligence team and support a fast growing Power BI initiative. The data visualization developer will create reports and dashboards for Enterprise use, and ensure the underlying data models are governed and promote a single source of truth for reporting. You will also stay updated on all upcoming features and capabilities of Power BI to make sure we are maximizing the potential of the tool. Additionally, you will collaborate with the infrastructure team to review, test, and release all needed upgrades to power BI gateway, and power BI desktop software. And as the resident expert on Power BI, you will provide guidance to our community of power users/citizen developers on best practices in building great reports, dashboards, and data models. Key Responsibilities: Design and develop intuitive and visually appealing reports, and dashboards that provide clear and concise insights. Participate in requirements gathering and illustratration of designs using wireframes. Create, review and analyze complex, integrated data models and information from various sources (ERP, CRM, EDW, and Power BI Service, etc.). Documentation of business and IT solutions, business process functional and nonfunctional requirements and problems. Collaborate and facilitate communication between business stakeholders and the various IT groups. Conduct day-to-day client communications. Build credibility and trust. Promote transparency. Manage expectations. Assist in overall data and analytics architecture. Manages the Power BI environment, Enhancements and support of Power BI applications. Consistently demonstrate and promote company core values at all times. General Requirements: Must be inherently empathetic to business needs and have ability to influence and negotiate through to solutions that make appropriate trade-offs between project delivery efficiency and adherence to IT strategies. Ability to design and develop in an Agile delivery environment. This includes understanding minimum viable product from both the business and IT standpoint to ensure delivered solutions support future features without rework. Strong communication, presentation and interpersonal skills amongst key stakeholders. Skilled in preparing and delivering documentation such as data flow, logical, and physical diagrams consumption by IT stakeholders. Self-confident with the demonstrated ability to drive change and challenge the status quo. Strong knowledge of relative systems and 2+ years background in BI development. Ability to build data models and describe data lineage relationships. Facilitation, conflict management, negotiation, and consensus building skills. High energy, creative, self-motivated and independent. Qualifications 2-5 years of significant software development experience, designing, developing and supporting intuitive reports, dashboards, and graphs using Azure Power BI Service, Power BI Desktop, Azure Analysis Services, DAX Query Language, SSAS, Visual Studio, SSDT and Excel Pivot. 2-5 Years of relevant experience gathering requirements, interfacing with stakeholders, and supporting large Business Intelligence / Data Warehouse applications. Experience and working knowledge of Tabular, Multidimensional, Security Models, Dimensional Structures, Hierarchies, and Big Data / Business Intelligence / Data Warehouse best practices and standards. Able to create presentations and lead meetings. Strong analytical skills and is familiar with the SDLC methodologies such as Waterfall and Agile. Self-motivated, proactive, detail-oriented, and can work independently as well as in a team environment. Education: Bachelor Degree in Computer Science or Information Technology related field. Microsoft Azure Power BI Certification preferred. GGP is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment regardless of race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law. LI-CP1