We are now looking for a Manager for Deep Learning Inference-Application Development: NVIDIA is expanding our Inference research & development software team, and we are currently seeking outstanding leaders to help us build and grow. Researchers around the world are using NVIDIA GPUs to power a revolution in Artificial Intelligence - come join our team and help us craft the GPU- accelerated software enabling these new solutions. You'll work as part of a dynamic customer oriented team and collaborate with the deep learning community to implement the latest algorithms for public release in TensorRT. This role offers you the opportunity to be a leader for TensorRT application development in Santa Clara. Our team uses Agile / Hybrid development methods and is shipping library updates for multiple hardware platforms and multiple operating systems. You will lead, contribute, and review the efforts of Framework parsers, Python APIs, plugin development and sample development for advance use cases. Your leadership will include communicating team status, collaboratively solving challenges, and coordinating with our international team. What you'll be doing: Manage a growing team to develop parsers for ingesting trained models from different frameworks. Responsible for plugin creation and engaging with open source community to evangelize their re-use. Plugins are integral to enabling wide variety of models to work with TensorRT. Drive sample creation of advance use cases based on usage of TensorRT. The samples would include whole pipeline including preprocessing, DL inferences using TensorRT and post processing if any. Lead Python interface development of TensorRT SW library. This would include sample development using easy to use Python APIs and abstraction packages like TRT lite. Collaborate with teams targeting cloud service providers, automotive, image and speech domains Occasionally travel to conferences and customers for technical consultation and training What we need to see: MS or PhD in engineering discipline (CE, CS&E, CS, ECE, AI) 5+ years of engineering work experience with at least 2 years of people and project management experience. You have a proven history of project management success, communicating project vision and goals and ensuring timely product achievements Software change management expertise (e.g. with tools like JIRA) Outstanding Python, C/C++ programming and software design skills. SW Agile skills are helpful Interest in artificial intelligence especially in areas of computer vision, recommender systems, automatic speech recognition, and neural machine translation Experience working with one of the deep learning frameworks like TensorFlow, Pytorch, Caffe2, MaxNet etc is a plus With highly competitive salaries and a comprehensive benefits package, NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology industry's most desirable employers. We have some of the most brilliant and talented people in the world working with us and our engineering teams are growing fast in some of the hottest state of the art fields: Deep Learning, Artificial Intelligence, and Autonomous Vehicles. Are you passionate about Machine / Deep Learning and Artificial Intelligence? Do you have a real drive for building teams and product execution? If so, we want to hear from you. Come, join our DL Architecture team, where you can help build the real-time, cost-effective computing platform driving our success in this exciting and quickly growing field. NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. deeplearning