In addition to the responsibilities listed below, this position participates in the incident and problem management process by resolving issues through troubleshooting and root cause analysis. Essential Responsibilities: Completes work assignments by applying up-to-date knowledge in subject area to meet deadlines; following procedures and policies, and applying data and resources to support projects or initiatives; collaborating with others, often cross-functionally, to solve business problems; supporting the completion of priorities, deadlines, and expectations; communicating progress and information; identifying and recommending ways to address improvement opportunities when possible; and escalating issues or risks as appropriate. Pursues self-development and effective relationships with others by sharing resources, information, and knowledge with coworkers and customers; listening, responding to, and seeking performance feedback; acknowledging strengths and weaknesses; assessing and responding to the needs of others; and adapting to and learning from change, difficulties, and feedback. Escalates identified issues , risks or problems to lead administrators according to processes. Meets timelines to drive the delivery of appropriate, sustainable, and prompt solutions. Provides first level support for own system by troubleshooting and resolving incidents to minimize system issues. Monitors stability, availability, and performance of enterprise systems (e.g., systems, applications, network, databases, storage, security) by analyzing systems to identify issues and problems. Supports technical and project team members to help resolve application-specific issues. Assists in communications with product users and suppliers to share information, identify opportunities, resolve problems, prioritize customer requirements, and maintain continuous improvement through customer feedback. Adheres to change management processes. Supports application-oriented administration and technical support for production and non-production environments. Assists with data extraction from various databases for report generation. Assists in the implementation of hardware and software changes into environments. Supports the maintenance, modification, and documentation of applications. Assists in the installation, upgrade, or decommissioning of designated systems, products, and infrastructure. Performs maintenance and refresh activities.