_Arizona State Board of Education_ Developing successful citizens through robust public education _The 11 Member State Board of Education, created in Article 11 of the Arizona Constitution, is responsible for exercising general supervision and control of Arizona public schools, and adopting any rules and policies necessary to accomplish this purpose_ _._ ARIZONA MANAGEMENT SYSTEM (AMS): All Arizona state employees operate within the Arizona Management System (AMS), an intentional, results-driven approach for doing the work of state government whereby every employee reflects on performance, reduces waste, and commits to continuous improvement with sustainable progress. Through AMS, every state employee seeks to understand customer needs, identify problems, improve processes, and measure results. State employees are highly engaged, collaborative and embrace a culture of public service. Research and Data Analyst 1700 West Washington Street Phoenix, AZ 85007 https://azsbe.az.gov JOB SUMMARY: The State Board of Education is seeking a Research and Data Analyst. This position will be supervised by and report directly to the Board’s Executive Director. This individual will develop, research, gather, analyze and report data for assigned projects and reports including, but not limited to proposed initiatives and policies in the areas of education research, accountability and assessment. . Findings from these analyses shall be presented to the Board’s Executive Director and the Board members, as directed. Additional responsibilities include, but are not limited to: participating in the activities and discussions of various Board advisory committees and task forces; serving as the Board’s representative in relevant stakeholder meetings; and working cooperatively with Arizona Department of Education staff as directed. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES (KSAs): Knowledge Required: Knowledge of data and statistical analysis Knowledge of sound research practices General understanding of the Arizona public education system Skills Required: Skilled in presenting highly effective written, visual and oral presentations on complex data to a wide variety of audiences Skill in Microsoft Office and Google Suite products, including Microsoft Excel and Google Sheets Knowledge and capable ability in one or more of the following: SPSS, SAS, or R Skilled in working on multiple complex projects simultaneously Skilled in working in high pressure environments Skilled in detailed oriented reports Skilled in analyzing and developing complex policy in a variety of areas Skilled in interpreting and applying federal and state codes and regulations Abilities Required: Ability to perform and analyze complex calculations associated with technical properties of educational assessments and accountability measures Ability to develop and articulate potential policy recommendations in the areas of school accountability, assessment and research Ability to work collaboratively with stakeholder groups and other state agencies Ability to perform detailed work with a high degree of accuracy SELECTIVE PREFERENCE: Master degree or doctorate in Education, Educational Administration, Educational Leadership, Research and Development. Classroom and/or administrative / leadership experience in K-12 education. State wide research and development experience with working knowledge of SPSS, SAS, or R. Preferred, but not required: Tableau: Visio; SQL. PRE-EMPLOYMENT REQUIREMENTS: Requires possession of and ability to retain a current, valid state-issued driver's license appropriate to the assignment. Employees who drive on state business are subject to driver's license record checks, must maintain acceptable driving records and must complete any required driver training (see Arizona Administrative Code R2-10-207.12.) BENEFITS: The Arizona Department of Administration offers a comprehensive benefits package to include: Sick leave Vacation with 10 paid holidays per year Health and dental insurance Retirement plan Life insurance and long-term disability insurance Optional employee benefits include short-term disability insurance, deferred compensation plans, and supplemental life insurance RETIREMENT: Positions in this classification participate in the Arizona State Retirement System (ASRS). Please note, enrollment eligibility will become effective after 27 weeks of employment. CONTACT INFORMATION: If you have any questions, please feel free to contact ADOA Recruitment at [email protected] or at (602) 542-5482 for assistance. _Persons with a disability may request a reasonable accommodation such as a sign language interpreter or an alternative format by contacting_ _Colleen Ryan at_ _[email protected]_ _._ ___Requests should be made as early as possible to allow time to arrange_ _the accommodation. Arizona State Government is an AA/EOE/ADA Reasonable Accommodation Employer._