A Great Place to Work Last year, we transformed the P2P payments industry with Zelle. 247-million transactions and $75-billion later, consumers love us as much as our amazing team of talented people. Come join the most INNOVATIVE FinTech company in Arizona. Overall Purpose This role will interact extensively with internal customers to help define new enterprise business initiatives and provide enterprise business process and integration analysis, business requirements gathering and analysis, functional design, and preparation of associated documents for large projects. Essential Functions Support in the development of process definitions. Interpret and analyze data from multiple sources, providing key analytics and reports for leadership Provide project coordination as needed Prepare necessary supporting analytics to assist departmental and business insights and decision making Maintain tracking in internal systems tools Manage requirements throughout the project lifecycle. Research, elicit, &/or document project and/or product requirements. Developing a thorough knowledge of the business processes, solutions and integration points employed in their assigned business or functional areas. Authoring highly effective written communications including project assessments, business requirements and user stories and business testing and training material. Ensure project/product requirements are well defined and easily understood by all stakeholders. Confirm that final results meet documented requirements. Translate business requirements into high-level functional specifications. Work closely with stakeholders to ensure technical compatibility and user satisfaction. Ensure that the nature and extent of the business needs and project requirements are understood by all project participants. Act as the liaison and facilitator of communications between the team and other operational and functional groups as relates to Business Requirements. Act as the subject matter expert on assigned applications, functional areas, or infrastructure. May act as scrum master as needed. Support the company’s commitment to protect the integrity and confidentiality of systems and data Qualifications Education and experience typically obtained through completion of a Bachelor’s Degree in Business, Project Management and/or Computer Science or related field. Proven business analyst experience Effective written, verbal, and presentation communication skills with ability to tailor to varying audiences. Confidence and poise to present at all levels effectively. Ability to translate business requirements into functional specifications. Highly engaged, self-starter with ability to balance achieving results and fostering collaboration. Demonstrated experience in planning and orchestrating process improvement. Experience with project management tool suites including MS Project, Plainview, and JIRA. Preferred Qualifications Certification of Capability in Business Analysis (CCBA) certification Demonstrated experience with Agile or Waterfall methodologies Demonstrated knowledge of all aspects of the System Development Life Cycle (SDLC) methodology Experienced user of Microsoft Office Suite to include Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Visio. Experience with Agile tools such as Rally, JIRA, Version One, or others The above job description is not intended to be an all-inclusive list of duties and standards of the position. Incumbents will follow instructions and perform other related duties as assigned by their supervisor. Physical Requirements Working conditions consist of a normal office environment. Work is primarily sedentary and requires extensive use of a computer and involves sitting for periods of approximately four hours. Work may require occasional standing, walking, kneeling, and reaching. Must be able to lift 10 pounds occasionally and/or negligible amount of force frequently. Requires visual acuity and dexterity to view, prepare, and manipulate documents and office equipment including personal computers. Requires the ability to communicate with internal and/or external customers. Employee must be able to perform essential functions and physical requirements of position with or without reasonable accommodation. _Early Warning is an equal opportunity employer that takes affirmative action to employ, and advance in employment, qualified minorities, women, individuals with disabilities and covered veterans._