Responsible for designing, creating, communicating and executing the Enterprise Private, Hybrid and Public Cloud Strategy for DTCC and its subsidiaries. This role will focus on developing Enterprise Cloud capabilities, both internal, hybrid and external, and all cloud service types; IaaS, PaaS, and Saas. Collaborates with the Infrastructure, Technology Risk Management and Application Development organizations during Cloud System design and development phases, providing advice, interpretation, and review of Enterprise Cloud architecture and design principles. Focuses on overall project technical and architecture design, quality of solution, knowledge transfer to other areas, and mentoring the project technical team members. Conducts research and understands cloud computing industry trends with regards to technology and adoption, and can understand and evaluate the use of automated tools and utilities and how they relate in support of DTCC’s overall Enterprise Architecture. Specific Responsibilities: _Firm/Enterprise Architecture Related_ Enables DTCC to implement the most optimal and effective, business solutions Maintains understanding of existing DTCC applications and technology solutions for leveraging the reuse of services and for the consolidation of services. Identifies and researches opportunities for converging diverse DTCC solutions to a single architecture. Develops and documents architecture solutions, including designs, guidelines and architecture-specific standards for enterprise-wide implementation. Leads and enables collaboration across technology specialties – ensures that ADM, Infrastructure, Information Security and Architecture are all working together Obtains concurrence and agreement on architecture solutions from, as applicable: Applications Development, Infrastructure, CISO, Internal Audit, and Product Management. Supports adherence to relevant ADM/CMMI, ITIL, internal audit, and risk-management standards. Architects the group’s security policies to ensure compliance with relevant departmental, company-wide, and industry-mandated policies and directives. Maintains understanding of emerging architecture concepts and methods and associated technology trends. Conducts presentations and education on Architecture’s concepts and solutions to appropriate areas of DTCC. Participates in the design, specification, and implementation of business and technology projects, assuring and resolving adherence to enterprise-wide solutions. Provides guidance and leadership for DTCC’s technology standardization process Works across IT to identify opportunities for reusing technology _Technology Related_ Define standards and policies for the security, compliance and governance of data and information stored or processed at an external Cloud provider, including IaaS (Infrastructure), PaaS (Application Platform) and SaaS (Software) models Establish an Enterprise Cloud strategy, standards and best practices associated with all aspects Cloud offerings. This includes, but is not limited to: Secure and compliant data and messaging egress and ingress Federated authentication and authorization models Automated workload lifecycle management Data and information at rest encryption and security Application porting, integration and maintenance On-demand, self-service access to Enterprise Cloud applications, platforms and offerings Overall cloud management tools, monitoring, alerting, chargeback, capacity and performance management, and service level objective definitions. Specialized Skills: In depth knowledge of private, hybrid and public cloud offerings and vendors In depth knowledge of the complete VMware datacenter and desktop technology stack. In depth knowledge of alternative hypervisor platforms and their management capabilities (Xen, XenServer, KVM, Hyper-V). In depth knowledge of storage and network virtualization technologies, capabilities, trends and the automated interaction with the physical infrastructure (EMC, NetApp, HP, Cisco). In depth knowledge of virtualization management and monitoring technologies, capabilities and market trends In depth knowledge of Red Hat Enterprise Linux and Microsoft Windows Server Operating platforms In depth experience with Cloud methodologies (IaaS, PaaS, SaaS), automation, orchestration, cost frameworks, trends and industry-leading private/public/hybrid cloud vendor offerings and interoperability Experience with Amazon Services such as AWS, S3, Elasic load balancing / Block / Relational Database Experience architecting automated data center processes, including provisioning, application and patch management, monitoring and alerting, capacity monitoring and planning, leveraging execution and human approval workflow design and implementation Experience with Business Continuity and Disaster Recover design, planning and implementation for virtualized infrastructures Experience in Linux System Administration Experience scripting with bash, Ruby, Python and/or similar Experience in virtualization tools like Vagrant and Docker Experience with Continuous Development/Deployment/Integration design and best practices Experience managing and working with configuration management tools (Chef, Ansible) Experience in Agile development practices (Kanban or Scrum) Ability to see opportunities for improvement, take ownership and work closely with others to drive operational improvement Strong troubleshooting skills and ability to correlate system behaviors based on known interdependencies between those systems Ability to handle ambiguity, embracing change and helping others see it as an opportunity and able to stay focused on goals while adapting to change Mitigates risk by following established procedures, spotting key errors and demonstrating strong ethical behavior. Specialized Skills (preferred): Experience with IBM Mainframe platforms including LPAR, IFL, zVM & zLinux Experience with IBM P-Series platforms including LPAR, dynamic LPAR, Micro-Partitioning, Virtual I/O Server and Capacity on Demand Experience with MS Windows (server and desktop), Solaris, Linux (RHEL & SLES), AIX Operating platforms Experience with Web technologies including web services architectures and security Experience with RDBMS technologies including Oracle RAC, Sybase, MS-SQL, DB2 Experience with 10G & 40G network technologies and I/O Virtualization Experience overhauling legacy applications to work with modern technologies Experienced with Atlassian as an Agile development management tool (JIRA) Experience with various application architectures Leadership Competencies for this level include: Strategic Thinking: Effectively translates the vision into specific business objectives, thinks of different ways to do things and through all angles to provide insights and develop strategies that guide future decisions. Organizational Savvy: Understands DTCC’s products and service offerings, as well as key stakeholders, and demonstrates the ability to form and cultivate internal networks that will help navigate getting things done. Leading Change: Embraces and adapts well to changing circumstances, identifies areas of needed change and employs many methods to drive those activities to meet organizational goals. Financial Acumen: Understands business financials and has the ability to work with complex data and information, and adopts practical and workable approaches. Team Building: Builds teams by quickly establishing relationships and drives a team identity and shared purpose based on diversity of thought, skills and personalities. Inclusive Leadership: Values individuals and embraces diversity by integrating differences and promoting diversity and inclusion across teams and functions. Qualifications: Minimum of 10 years of related experience in IT platform, storage, and network virtualization architecture and engineering Bachelor's degree preferred with Masters or equivalent experience About DTCC: With over 40 years of experience, DTCC is the premier post-trade market infrastructure for the global financial services industry. From operating facilities and data centers around the world, DTCC automates, centralizes, and standardizes the processing of financial transactions across the trade lifecycle and mitigates risk for thousands of institutions worldwide. At DTCC we value on our clients' interests and partner to deliver superior results with excellence and innovation and lead with integrity. We proactively develop your potential and invest in your career.