Fast-paced, dynamic and proactive, YouTube Trust and Safety is dedicated to ensuring that YouTube is a place for users, viewers, and creators around the world to belong, create, and express themselves. Whether understanding and solving their online content concerns, navigating within global legal frameworks, or writing and enforcing worldwide policy, the Trust & Safety team is on the frontlines of enhancing the YouTube experience, building internet safety, and protecting free speech in our ever-evolving digital world. As a Policy Enforcement Manager, you'll be responsible for ensuring that we deliver on our end-to-end performance goals for your assigned policy area, including finding the right balance between removing violating content while keeping up good content. You'll help to implement and enforce our policies across millions of videos. You'll define the operational plan and implement it globally, working with stakeholders in Engineering, Vendor Operations, Analytics, Policy and Legal. You ensure that we deliver innovations to automate as much as possible, while improving quality, and acting as the escalation point to the vendor team in complex cases. YouTube has grown into a community used by over 1 billion people across the globe to access information, share video, and shape culture. The YouTube team helps budding creators build careers, creates products like YouTube Kids, YouTube Music, and YouTube Gaming, and engages communities around shared passions and global conversations. Together, we empower the world to create, broadcast, and share. Responsibilities Deliver performance end-to-end (quality, productivity, and cost) for a given policy area, around the globe, working in partnership with key cross-functional partners. Drive data-based decisions and implement key changes to improve performance. Analyze, identify, prioritize, and deliver operational improvement opportunities (specifically around end-to-end workflows, from identification of bad content, to review by vendor teams, to removal, to appeals). Identify, articulate, and quantify impact of required tools changes to deliver operational improvement opportunities. Handle escalations from vendors for complex cases and use this input to feed into operational improvement plans. Partner with Policy, Engineering, Vendor operations and Analytics teams to define the best plan and implement quickly. Review online content and have the ability to work non-standard hours and differing work rotations/shifts as required (including working on holidays and shift rotations). Qualifications Minimum qualifications: Experience in internet services, consulting, process improvement, or other relevant work experience. Experience working with SQL. Experience in project and process management, including experience leading cross-functional projects. Ability to work non-standard hours and differing work rotations/shifts as required (including working on holidays and shift rotations). Preferred qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. Experience in content policy, anti-abuse or customer support operations, in particular reviewing content and/or answering user questions, and working with vendors. Ability to manage complex scaled enforcement projects and investigations (i.e. analysis and feature extraction of data, Machine Learning model development, etc), from creation to delivery consistently. Demonstrated analytical skills, including the ability to use data to drive strategy and business action. Demonstrated business judgment with effective influencing and communication skills; ability to build robust relationships with cross-functional partners, across geographies. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.