Cyber Security Strategy and Reporting Analyst Description About Us: Mercedes-Benz Financial Services is a leading captive automotive financial services provider within Daimler Financial Services, which operates in 40 countries as the global financial services arm of Daimler AG. In the U.S., the corporate headquarters for the Americas Region, we operate under the brands of Mercedes-Benz Financial Services and Daimler Truck Financial. In the Americas Region we also have business operations in Canada, Mexico, Argentina and Brazil. To achieve our goal of being the first-choice provider of vehicle financial products and services that support our brands, dealers and customers, we are looking for talented, diverse and inspired people with the skills, experience and innovative spirit to provide a first-class experience at every turn. We are committed to providing a great workplace environment that fosters a culture of openness, support and camaraderie. Our employee programs and benefits are reflective of our values and are designed to promote growth, balance and wellness in many aspects of your career and life. To see other programs and benefits we offer, visit our website at www.mbfscareers.com Job Overview: Providing a secure and trustworthy customer journey is one of our most important objectives. In order to expand our cybersecurity capabilities, Daimler Financial Services (DFS) is seeking a Strategy and Reporting Specialist within the Global Cybersecurity Program Administration Office to help plan, implement and evaluate the global cyber program. The Strategy and Reporting Analyst will report directly to the Global Security Operations Lead and will work closely with the DFS Global Chief Information Security Officer (CISO). The main objective of the Strategy and Reporting Analyst is to ensure strategic priorities of the DFS’ global cyber strategy are met through the maintenance of the strategy roadmap and associated charters, management and tracking of budgets and the gathering and reporting of key performance metrics. This includes ensuring the global cyber strategy is aligned to business needs and that stakeholders take an integrated approach towards executing the global cyber strategy. Responsibilities: Strategy & Planning: Ensure strategic priorities of DFS Global Cyber are met and that the strategy roadmap is reviewed, evaluated and updated as needed to align to business needs. • Support implementation of the DFS global cyber mission, vision, strategy and roadmap. • Maintain associated charters by coordinating with relevant parties to ensure global cyber functions are aligned to the overall global cyber strategy. • Organize and administrate processes to maintain the global cyber strategy roadmap throughout its lifecycle in coordination with the DFS Global CISO. • Coordinate with the DFS Global CISO to prioritize and RISOs to plan cyber roadmap program initiatives. • Develop and communicate program initiative plans and timelines to stakeholders. (30%) Administrative Management: Quantify and track the Global Cybersecurity Organization’s various administrative processes necessary to deliver on its strategy. • Develop templates, enablers and processes for receiving, reviewing and prioritizing funding requests and business cases in alignment with DFS global budget management processes. • Support the CISO with creation of executive presentations and organizational communications. • Provide support for managing and balancing the budget of the DFS Cybersecurity Organization. (30%) Metrics & Performance Management: Lead and operate the regular cadence of regional reporting into the Global Information Security governance structures and the Cyber Working Group (CWG). • Maintain a reporting infrastructure to collect program and performance metrics and maintain alignment and consistency with Daimler AG. • Collaborate with Global Cyber Leads (GRC, AE and SO) and RISOs to ensure metrics are consistently collected and reported. • Report consolidated program and performance metrics to the DFS Global CISO. (30%) Collaboration & Teaming: Collaborate closely with the CPAO Program Management and Innovation Specialist to maintain cybersecurity program governance and ensure strategic goals are met. • Align program management and budget management processes. • Provide CPAO Management and Innovation Specialist with appropriate metrics to assist in program management activities. (10%) Qualifications This position requires a minimum of 2+ years of overall work experience. Preferred experience: Information Technology 2+ years Program management, planning and strategy - 2+ years Additional preferred experience: Prioritizing, tracking and management budgets Working on a global team Financial Services, Fintech and/or Banking and automotive Corporate communications, preferably with a distributed global organization. Education: A Bachelors' degree is required for this role. Masters' Degree preferred. Recommended majors include: Computer/Information Science Information Technology Business Administration Management Information Systems Information Security Risk Management Cyber Security Certifications: At least one of the following certifications is required or must be obtained within your first 12 months of employment at DFS: CISA, CISM, CISSP, CIPT, CRISC, or CRM. Skills: Analytical skills - Ability to collect data and establish facts, identify trends and variances; Ability to integrate information from a variety of sources with varied levels of complexity. IT skills - Networking PC skills Project Management skills Additional Skills: Understanding of planning and budgeting concepts. Ability to develop and implement detailed program plans for a large organization. Deep knowledge of reporting processes and leading practices. An understanding of emerging technology and digital trends and their impacts on cybersecurity. Strong process execution, time management and organizational skills. Solid ability to communicate complex information, concepts, or ideas in a confident and well-organized manner through verbal, written, and/or visual means. At least one of the following certifications is required or must be obtained within your first 12 months of employment: PMP, Agile or ITIL. _Applicants must be legally authorized to work in the U.S. at the time of application. Relocation assistance will not be provided for this position._ If you were not re-directed successfully after clicking the “Apply for this job” button, please click the following link to search and apply for the role on the local career portal: https://daimler.taleo.net/careersection/ex/jobsearch.ftl Mercedes-Benz Financial Services offers competitive salary commensurate with experience and a full suite of benefits including 401(K) with match, generous vacation and personal time, performance-based bonuses, a Mercedes-Benz car program and more. EEO/Minorities/Females/Disabled/Vets LI-BR1 Organization : Mercedes-Benz Financial Services USA LLC Primary Location : United States of America-Michigan-Farmington Hills Work Locations : 36455 Corporate Drive 36455 Corporate Drive Farmington Hills 48331