Outside Residential Sales Are you looking for a career that allows you to work your own style? WOW! Internet TV & Phone has an opportunity that will not only give you career mobility, but will reward you for improved performance and will offer you a steady salary. We are looking to maintain our culture of respect, integrity, spirit of service, and accountability, and our Outside Residential Sales professionals are the first to display these values to our customers. We believe that "how" we treat our customers, and our employees, earns dedication. The Job Details: Working a flexible assigned schedule, you are assigned a residential territory that is your own entrepreneurial venture. It's like owning your own business, without any of the overhead. You will sell and promote our internet, TV, and phone services to residential customers. Our customer service is something we pride ourselves on, so you are selling not only our products, but our company's values as well. By knocking on our potential customers' doors, and using a consultative approach to selling, you will work with the customer to find an individualized solution to their needs. Who is the right person for this role? A self-starter with a real passion for, success, a desire to learn, and who is a people-person. Are you highly motivated by commission? We have an uncapped commission structure for our Residential Sales reps, so your work ethic will directly correlate to how much you bring home at the end of the day. A talented individual with experience in a customer service oriented profession - Sales experience is a plus, but not required. We are seeking someone who places importance on customer service and strives for an excellent customer experience. Minimum requirements are having a High School Degree or GED, a valid Driver's License and driving record that meets our standards. What will we do for you? We offer individualized training, a ramp up period, and ongoing support to make you successful. Training is a combination of product knowledge and on-the-job shadowing. You will get to observe firsthand how the job is done, and learn some tips from some of our most successful reps along the way. Our employees receive their base salary plus uncapped commissions bi-weekly, quarterly bonuses, health benefits , 401K, paid vacations and much more. Reps typically earn $50K-$90K + a year, but your success is 100% motivated by you. WOW! is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity employer