About Tulip Do you want to help transform manufacturing? We are building the best team in the industry to bring consumer-grade user experiences to a space dominated by ancient enterprise technology. Our platform enables our customers to create apps without code and to connect their apps to machines, sensors and smart tools. These augmented production lines would otherwise rely on paper to share information. We’re based in Somerville, MA and have raised $13m from NEA, Pitango, and other leading investors. Our customers include some of the largest manufacturers in the world across numerous verticals of the manufacturing industry. If you are looking to join a fast-growing, mission-driven company, and want to make a lasting impact on our organization and the manufacturing industry, we'd love to talk to you. The Job Our technologies bring the flexibility, speed, and intelligence that take our customers' processes and results to the next level; but for these impacts to be felt properly, our technologies need to be at least as reliable as the paper systems we're replacing. To make this happen, we need rock-solid technical infrastructure, and we need it in the face of some pretty unique operational challenges, from on-site deployments to unreliable network & power conditions that our customers, more than us, dictate. You You have experience developing large, production-ready applications. You can architect large systems that will grow and scale along with our users. You’re able to pick up new technologies and dive into large distributed systems. You love working with backend systems, but are able to move around the stack as needed. We don't require experience with any specific technologies, but we are currently transitioning our Meteor-based Node.js monolith to microservices written in Go. We store our data in MongoDB and Postgres and run everything on Kubernetes. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Even if you don't check every box, but see yourself contributing, please apply. Help us build an inclusive community that will transform manufacturing.