Do you want to change the world? We do, too. The energy market is roughly $4 trillion globally, and solar penetration is less than 1%. But just one hour of sunlight, if harnessed, could power the entire world for a year. We have the opportunity to completely change the way energy is produced, distributed and consumed on a global scale, and we’re looking for talented, committed people to help us drive our growth and achieve our goals. SunPower is a global solar energy solutions company with a rich heritage of pioneering the best energy technologies in the world. Our solutions are unrivaled in terms of long-term reliability, efficiency and guaranteed performance, and our company is unmatched in terms of global reach and scale. Through design, manufacturing, installation and ongoing maintenance and monitoring, SunPower provides its proprietary, world-record efficient solar technology to residential, commercial and utility customers worldwide. SunPower is changing the way our world is powered every day with a brilliant, passionate and driven team of more than 7,000 in North America, Europe, Africa, Asia and Australia. In an industry that is reshaping the world’s energy future, there’s no better place to be than SunPower. We believe that our employees create our brand – with each project, each communication, each task completed and each interaction. Experience is critical to SunPower in regards to not only our customers but also our employees and dealer partners. As such, we strive to hire candidates that are service focused. The experience we would expect the ideal person to deliver is: Product Engineer, commercial data acquisition and controls _A description of your role_ JOB DESCRIPTION As a product engineer, your mission is to discover opportunities to improve SunPower’s monitoring and controls offerings. You will play a key role in the products organization by being the main source of insights on the actual performance of SunPower’s PV supervisor and energy data platform products in the commercial and industrial space. Product engineering, like any role in SunPower’s products organization has a number of internal customers or stakeholders: O &M team: first line of defense for field issues with PVS and will be so for storage as well. You will train them on how to resolve & triage issues and update them on new developments with the platform. Gateway platform engineering team , which is responsible for delivering firmware and hardware monitoring and controls products. You will keep a prioritized backlog of enhancements for the platform and help them drive product development. Energy storage team : relies on the data acquisition and controls platforms to deliver energy savings to SunPower’s customers. You will own monitoring & troubleshooting of fielded storage systems and will be responsible for training O&M once the product is mature enough. Applications engineering team , which is responsible to deliver SunPower’s products to individual customers. You will support with providing monitoring & control system design best practices and helping them resolve problems that they have not encountered before. You will have full autonomy to develop processes, solutions and documentation to satisfy each of these team’s needs. Here are a few suggestions on what may be required: Establishing and managing an incident management system to bridge O&M’s and the product’s team processes. You will be resolving problems that no one in O&M and applications engineering team can resolve. You will need to empower these teams to resolve the issue in the future through documentation and training. Empowering the O&M team to maintain and operate Helix Storage systems through training and documentation. Creating designs, configuration scripts, testing new equipment or developing training materials for the applications engineering team. This will require you to: Contribute to creating detailed view on what the status quo of the gateway and data back end platform is: what are the key system-level issues, latest bugs and their fixes. Communicate often and clearly with your stakeholders. Share your knowledge and insights effectively with others, be it through training, documentation or informal exchanges. Represent the needs and interests of the commercial product team when it comes to making engineering decisions on the gateway and data back end platforms. As you can see you will act as a hub between many teams and this will put you in a unique position in terms of product insights and fresh information from real systems working in the field. If you’re looking to develop your career either further in the field of software engineering or want to make the switch to product management, this is the right job! REQUIRED SKILLS In order to succeed in this position, you will need: _Soft skills_ Excellent written and oral communication skills, as you will need to describe problems in the field to our engineering team and you’ll need to communicate product knowledge to various operations and maintenance and field engineering teams. Excellent analytical skills: you’ll be charged with troubleshooting and debugging, so those will come in handy. Proactive: you don’t wait for problems to come to you, _Must-have hard skills_ At least 3 years of experience with embedded Linux devices. At least 3 years of experience working on or setting up industrial networking solutions. At least 3 years of experience using high-level programming languages such as Python 1-2 years of experience writing software for embedded devices _Huge plus skills_ Experience in commercial and industrial solar systems. Experience with industrial-sized power electronics products such as inverters and variable-frequency drives. Experience on a field engineering support role. Equal Employment Opportunity The Company is an equal employment opportunity employer and makes employment decisions, including but not limited to, hiring, firing, promotion, demotion, training, and/or compensation, on the basis of merit. Employment decisions are based on an individual’s qualifications as they relate to the job under consideration. The Company’s policy prohibits unlawful discrimination based on sex (which includes pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions, the actual sex of the individual, or the gender identity or gender expression), race, color, religion, including religious dress practices and religious grooming practices, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, marital status, familial status, age, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, protected veteran or military status, or any other consideration made unlawful by federal, state or local laws, ordinances, or regulations. The Company is committed to complying with all applicable laws providing equal employment opportunities. This commitment applies to all persons involved in the operations of the Company and prohibits unlawful discrimination by any employee of the Company, including supervisors and co-workers. EOE Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Disabled SunPower Supports EEO Accommodation for Applicants to SunPower Corporation SunPower Corporation is an Equal Employment Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need a reasonable accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following alternative email address to contact us about your interest in employment at SunPower Corporation: jobs@sunpower.com. Please indicate in the subject that line of your email that you are requesting accommodation. Only candidates being considered for a position who require an accommodation will receive a follow-up response.