Business Intelligence Analyst 3 - Customer Data - 352090 We are a specialty retailer offering the very best of what’s next in fashion for men, women and children since 1901. JOIN US WHERE IT ALL BEGAN. Whether you design clothes or business strategies, crunch numbers, lead projects or write code, we have a place for you at our Seattle headquarters. And we think Seattle is a pretty great place to live. More than just rainy days and coffee, Seattle has it all — mountains and beaches, arts and parks, music and film. It's made up of quirky neighborhoods, award-winning restaurants, and thriving industry. Come see for yourself! A day in the life... The Business Intelligence Analyst 3 will support the development and evolution of our Customer centric BI reporting and support adhoc data pulls that will be leveraged to inform critical business decisions. The ideal candidate needs to be able to think strategically about the business needs while still enjoying the tactical requirements of the role. No sponsorship is provided for this position. No relocation assistance is provided for this position. Responsibilities Respond to fast-turn, customer specific analytic requests from a wide variety of business partners and demonstrate consistently high analytic and reporting output productivity. Communicate results clearly and efficiently to our business partners. Build, manage, evaluate, and evolve a suite of Tableau Dashboards and other self-service tools for our key stakeholders. Collaborate with other Data Analysts and Engineers around data/table structures in order to optimize for Tableau Dashboards and other self-service needs. Offer strategic guidance to both analysts and business teams on how to best leverage our tools and data. Maintain efficient QA processes to ensure the accuracy and quality of data. Provide exceptional customer service through professionalism, ownership and initiative. Desired Skills and Experience 3+ years of experience building advanced Tableau Dashboards for ongoing measurement and self-service needs. 1+ year of experience writing advanced SQL (Teradata, MySQL preferred), performance tuning of BI queries, developing automated data reporting and customer profiling analytics. 1+ year of experience presenting data/reports to stakeholders and executives. Bachelor’s degree in math, statistics, finance, economics or related quantitative discipline is preferred. Ability to think strategically and assess key stakeholder requests. Experience taking large volumes of complex data and condensing it into a clean, insightful, and automated format. Demonstrated ability to QA reporting processes to ensure data integrity and accuracy. Ability to manage multiple complex data analysis and reporting requests leveraging a variety of data sources including Teradata, Redshift, Oracle, etc. Knowledge of scripting for automation (Python, Perl, Ruby, etc.). Outstanding ability to clearly communicate data, context, and implications to business and technology partners. We’ve got you covered… We offer a comprehensive benefits package that includes medical, vision and dental coverage, a fabulous merchandise discount, an employer-matched 401(k) plan, employee stock purchase plan and much more depending on your role. _We are an equal opportunity employer committed to providing a diverse environment._ This job description is intended to describe the general nature of the work employees can expect within this particular job classification. It is certainly not a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required for this job. Job : Analytics Date Posted : 07/27/2018, 10:34:10 AM Location : United States-Washington-Seattle