JOB OVERVIEW: The Warehouse Manager is responsible for all warehousing and transportation activities to include loading and receiving areas as well inventory control for all items produced, purchased, and coordinating the transportation of finished products. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Maintains receiving, warehousing and distribution operations by initiating, coordinating and enforcing program, operational and personnel policies and procedures. Complies with Federal, State, and local warehousing, material handling and shipping requirements by studying existing and new legislation; enforcing adherence to requirements; advising Plant Manager of needed actions. Safeguards warehouse operation and contents by establishing and monitoring security procedures and protocols. Controls inventory levels by conducting physical counts; reconciling with data storage system or reports. Maintains physical condition of warehouse by planning and implementing new design layouts; inspecting equipment; issuing work orders for repair and requisitions for replacement. Achieves financial objectives by participating in the preparation of an annual budget; scheduling expenditures; analyzing variances; initiating corrective actions. Completes warehouse operational requirements by scheduling and assigning employees; following up on work results. Maintains warehouse staff by recruiting, selecting, orienting, and training employees. Maintains warehouse staff job results by coaching, counseling, and disciplining employees; planning, monitoring, and appraising job results. Maintains professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops; reviewing professional publications; establishing personal networks; participating in professional societies. Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed. Insures fair, equitable and respectful treatment of all employees. Other duties as assigned by Supervisor. LANGUAGE SKILLS: Ability to read, analyze, and interpret common information, reports and other documents. Ability to respond to common inquiries or complaints from customers, regulatory agencies, or company representatives. Ability to effectively present information to management. PHYSICAL DEMANDS: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to walk, stand for long periods of time, sit and talk or hear. The employee frequently is required to use hands and fingers, to handle, or feel, sit for long periods of time, stand frequently, bend, squat, reach and turn to access files and office equipment. Must be able to lift up to 25 pounds. WORK ENVIRONMENT: The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Field positions will be exposed to various unfamiliar conditions where Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) must be worn and which may include, but are not limited to: manufacturing and warehouse plants, and other venues as directed by supervisor. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate, but increases significantly in warehouse and manufacturing plants. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Required Bachelor Degree in business, supply chain management, logistics, or appropriate equivalent from an accredited university. 5-7 years' experience of warehouse supervisory experience. OSHA HAZMAT Certification and forklift certified Experience with HACCP, GMP and Third Party Auditors Food processing, liquid filling/bottling, or consumer goods manufacturing/packaging industry experience Strong computer skills, including Microsoft business applications and various reporting software. Strong leadership and team building skills are essential. Exceptional interpersonal and verbal communication skills Solid business acumen, management, analytical, and problem-thinking skills Must be 18 years or older Pass the background and drug exam Ability and willingness to work a flexible Full Time schedule that may include weekends and holidays. Must be able to provide own transportation to various locations in organizational service areas, as required by duties. Shasta Beverages, Inc. provides equal employment opportunities to all applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender, genetics, gender identity, disabled veterans or sexual orientation. Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled