Do you have a passion for learning? Do you like to teach others? Do you have technical experience in the database or SQL domains? Are you compelled to stay current and relevant as these technologies morph and evolve over time – and to help customers, partners, and Microsoft Employees do likewise? If so, consider being a part of the of the digital transformation at Microsoft by joining the organization responsible for building learning, training, and skills validation products that help current and aspiring Data Professionals build and maintain their skills in the 21st century technical workforce! Microsoft Worldwide Learning (WWL) is the spiritual leader of the learning culture within Microsoft. We are tasked with empowering those who empower the world through learning. Every year, millions of IT professionals, developers, and consumers use our learning products to build their IT skills and advance their technical careers. The WWL AI/Data Team is looking for a skilled and passionate Data Professional to design, create and maintain curriculum paths that provide a rich and class-leading learning experience for our customers, partners, and Microsoft Employees. This versatile technical professional needs real world experience in planning, deploying, and maintaining technical content across the database and SQL technical domains. They also need a visible passion for training customers, partners, and employees and ideally, have experience as a content developer (training or documentation), technical writer, technical trainer, or speaker. This Content Developer will coordinate with the SQL and related product (engineering and marketing) groups to ensure all our learning assets connect in a way that helps our customers learn and then apply their technical skills to solve real-world problems. Strong communication and cross-group collaboration skills are necessary as you will be expected to stay connected to the product teams as they rapidly build and release products and technologies that drive digital transformation across the industry. You will evaluate new features or products and curate existing content assets, create net-new content, and/or update existing content based on those changes. You’ll manage the content development schedule from concept and skills analysis all the way through final product release. Proven project management skills are essential to this role to keep projects on-track and on-budget during the content development life cycle. We want you to be our “authoritative source” for database and SQL content. You will need to be creative – constantly on the lookout for innovative ways to help all our customers access the right learning at the right time with new form factors and delivery technologies. Responsibilities Design, author and publish the highest quality learning experiences for the AI/Data audiences. This includes hands on labs, text, videos and interactive activities. Work with Microsoft SQL/SQL Azure Product Groups to curate content as well as create, refine, and align the learning experience with product cycles. Qualifications Deep understanding of and interaction with database and SQL audiences. Ability to engage students (in-person or on camera) in a clear and concise manner. Strong project management, communication, and cross-group collaboration skills. A minimum of 5 years as a practicing IT Professional or Developer. Evidence of hands-on technical experience with Microsoft Technologies in the database/SQL technical domain. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.