nuTonomy aims to be the first company in the world to launch an autonomous taxi system, and we are building up an awesome team to make this goal a reality. We are developing the first-of-its-kind complete solution for providing point-to-point mobility via large fleets of autonomous vehicles. This includes software for autonomous vehicles, smartphone-based ride hailing, fleet management, and teleoperation. The company's software has been tested extensively on public roads in the U.S. and Singapore. We offer a unique opportunity to work closely with experts from a wide array of backgrounds, to create ground-breaking technology with potential for huge impact. As a member of a fast-growing start-up, you will be able to make a large contribution to the final product. For more information about nuTonomy, visit: www.nutonomy.com. We are currently seeking a talented Deep Learning DevOps Engineer to help radically increase throughput & bandwidth for training deep nets. To support your work, you will be able to use a state-of-the-art scalable computing, simulation, and testing environment, as well as a vast database of well annotated data from nuTonomy’s fleet of autonomous vehicles. You will work together with an awesome group of motivated colleagues, both industry professionals as well as leading researchers from academia, who like to approach problems with both creativity and rigor, to push beyond the state of the art. Job Responsibilities Expand and maintain in-house GPU server cluster. Develop and maintain job management system e.g. Docker / Kubernetes. Optimize deep learning experiment throughput. Core Skills Strong Linux background Experience working with Docker and virtualization. Experience managing AWS and in-house server infrastructure Strong Python fundamentals Experience with version control tools (e.g., Git) Excellent communication skills Desire to work in a fast-paced startup environment Desired skills Deep understanding of computer architecture, GPUs and CUDA programming.