Google's brand is only as strong as our users' trust-and their steadfast belief that our guiding principles are what's best for them. Our Trust and Safety team has the critical responsibility of protecting Google's users by ensuring online safety by fighting web abuse and fraud across Google products. On this team, you're a big-picture thinker and strategic leader. You understand the user's point of view and are passionate about using your combined technical, sales and customer service acumen to protect our users. You work globally and cross-functionally with Google developers and Product Managers to navigate challenging online safety situations and handle abuse and fraud cases at Google speed (read: fast!). Help us prove that quality on the Internet trumps all. As a Trust and Safety Strategist, you are responsible for protecting the integrity of some of Google's key products, including Google Search, Google Maps, Google Ads, Adsense, Google Checkout and Google Product Search. You investigate financial fraud, account-related abuse, questionable business practices, violations of Google's policies, and general misuse of our products. You are introduced to dynamic analytical techniques and you leverage custom-built technology to have a direct impact on improving the experience of millions of Google users. You subscribe to a "user-first" philosophy and are interested in improving Google's user experience and product integrity. You are comfortable navigating ambiguity and thrive in a fast-paced environment. You harness your analytical and technical skills to drive tool development and process improvements. At Google we work hard to earn our users’ trust every day. Gaining and retaining this trust is critically important to Google’s success. We defend Google's integrity by fighting spam, fraud and abuse, and develop and communicate state-of-the-art product policies. The Trust and Safety team reduces risk and protects the experience of our users and business partners in more than 40 languages and across Google's expanding base of products. We work with a variety of teams from Engineering to Legal, Public Policy and Sales Engineering to set policies and combat fraud and abuse in a scalable way, often with an eye to finding industry-wide solutions. Trust and Safety team members are motivated to find innovative solutions, and use technical know- how, user insights and proactive communication to pursue the highest possible quality and safety standards for users across Google products. Responsibilities Perform statistical analyses on huge data sets to determine trends and develop business insights in order to protect Google’s users. Utilize machine learning to scale, and optimize and automate our abuse fighting efforts. Assist with designing and building infrastructure to facilitate analysis and experimentation. Develop metrics for measuring and understanding Google’s effectiveness at combating fraud. Conduct investigations into sophisticated forms of abuse, take action on fraudsters and close attack vectors. Translate business needs into data modeling initiatives and work with engineers to put predictive models into production. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: MS degree in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Quantitative Social Sciences, related field or equivalent practical experience. 4 years of relevant full time work experience. Programming experience in one of the following languages: Python, C++ or Java. Preferred qualifications: PhD degree in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Quantitative Social Sciences or related field. Experience with cyber security. g common and unknown computer risks. Experience with machine learning, data mining, or building statistical methods. Ability to thrive in a fun, collaborative and fast-paced environment. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.