Known for being a great place to work and build a career, KPMG provides audit, tax and advisory services for organizations in today's most important industries. Our growth is driven by delivering real results for our clients. It's also enabled by our culture, which encourages individual development, embraces an inclusive environment, rewards innovative excellence and supports our communities. With qualities like those, it's no wonder we're consistently ranked among the best companies to work for by Fortune Magazine, Consulting Magazine, Working Mother Magazine, Diversity Inc. and others. If you're as passionate about your future as we are, join our team. KPMG is currently seeking a Sr Associate in CIO Advisory for our Management Consulting practice. Responsibilities: Assist in the assessment and development of Cloud Enabled Resiliency and Disaster Recovery requirements, strategies, reference architecture, plans, and maturity and governance programs Lead portions of engagements under the supervision of the engagement manager including architectural design of DRaaS for client hosted services and Cloud based application resiliency Assist in the creation of proposals and other business development efforts Perform risk analyses of IT infrastructure domains to identify points of vulnerability and recommend risk reduction strategies and solutions including cloud options Liaise with client stakeholders and subject matter professionals Assist with developing or updating firm data center, disaster recovery and availability consulting and transformation methodologies Qualifications: A minimum of three years of IT infrastructure operations, engineering and/or architecture, with at least two years developing and testing disaster recovery or IT business continuity plans and minimum of two years of data center technology management, strategy and transformation management Bachelor's degree from an accredited college/university in Computer Science, Information Systems, or related field; Master's degree in Business Administration, Computer Science, or Information Systems is preferred Experience with cloud services (DRaaS, PaaS, and IaaS) evaluation and implementation Technology experience, including server, storage, virtualization, high availability architecture, and data center computing transformation from strategy to design and implementation; additional desirable experience in infrastructure automation and instrumentation, unified communications, collaboration, database / application server architecture, network, and information security Past or current certifications (e.g., business continuity certification, Microsoft, Cisco, VMware, Azure, AWS) Strong technical, analytical, problem solving and verbal and written communication skills Travel may be up to eighty to one hundred percent Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States without the need for visa sponsorship now or in the future KPMG LLP (the U.S. member firm of KPMG International) offers a comprehensive compensation and benefits package. KPMG is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, age, sex/gender, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, physical or mental handicap unrelated to ability, pregnancy, veteran status, unfavorable discharge from military service, genetic information, personal appearance, family responsibility, matriculation or political affiliation, status with regard to public assistance, or other legally protected status. KPMG maintains a drug-free workplace. KPMG will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state or federal law (including San Francisco Ordinance number 131192). No phone calls or agencies please.