The Patient Care Technician supports the work of the Registered Nurse to meet the needs of patients in order to provide safe, quality care. Essential Functions: Under the direction of the Nurse Manager, or designee, the Patient Care Technician assists the work of the Registered Nurse to meet the needs of patients in order to provide safe, quality care. Working as part of a team with the Registered Nurse, the Patient Care Technician participates in providing patient care, including: Implements progressive mobility guidelines (e.g. patients in chair for meals). Ambulating, turning and repositioning patients. Uses patient handling equipment in the tasks of lifting, transferring, repositioning and transporting patients. As needed, may also transport patients within the medical center and deliver and pick up specimens and prescriptions. Assisting with activities of daily living, including but not limited to: feeding, bathing, toileting, providing water, answering the phone, and oral care. Within the Patient Care Technician duties and responsibilities and dependant on the patient population, assists the Registered Nurse with patient monitoring, including but not limited to: obtaining, recording and reporting vital signs, weights, and measuring and recording inputs/outputs. May perform EKGs as required. Under the direction of the Nurse Manager or designee, the Patient Care Technician may act as a sitter to ensure that patient safety needs are met. As a sitter, the Patient Care Technician will assist the registered nurse assigned to the patient in providing care including hygiene, nutrition, mobility, monitoring and engage the patient in diversional and therapeutic activities. In coordination with the Registered Nurse and other medical center staff, will maintain a clean and safe environment by providing a newly admitted patient with supplies (e.g. ICS/ Admission Kit), ensuring a clean and tidy bedside, and neat linens. Performs other related duties as necessary. Supervisory Responsibilities: This job has no supervisory responsibilities. Compliance Accountability: Consistently supports compliance and the Principles of Responsibility (KP's code of conduct) by maintaining confidentiality, protecting the assets of the organization, acting with ethics and integrity, reporting non-compliance, and adhering to applicable Federal and State laws and regulations, accreditation and licensure requirements, and KP policies and procedures. Competencies: To perform the job successfully, an individual should demonstrate the following competencies: Analytical: Collects and researches data and uses intuition and experience to complement data. Problem Solving: Identifies and resolves problems in a timely manner, gathers and analyzes information skillfully, and develops alternative solutions. Interpersonal Skills: Maintains confidentiality, treats co-workers, patients, and facility visitors with respect. Oral Communication: Listens and gets clarification to ensure that instructions and requests are fully understood. Written Communication: Writes clearly and informatively and reads and interprets written information. Teamwork: Contributes to building a positive team spirit and balances team and individual responsibilities.