Why you'll love Cisco We change the World, we are passionate about our employer and the brand we represent. Everything is converging on the Internet, making networked connections more meaningful than ever before in our lives. Our employees' groundbreaking ideas impact everything. Here, that means we take creative ideas from the drawing board to dynamic solutions that have real world impact. You'll be part a team that cares about its customers, enjoys having fun, and you'll take part in changing the lives of those in our local communities. Come prepared to be encouraged and inspired. What You’ll Do Senior customer -focused technical and architectural sales professional You will provide a consultative relationship with the customer and collaborate with the team and business entities to develop customer focused architectures driving industry-wide innovation You will lead the architectural design and associated Cisco technology strategy around Data Centre in alignment with key business drivers and market issues for an individual customer. You will demonstrate business relevancy to executive partners. You will be as a trusted advisor in an account(s) to demonstrate the business value of Cisco solutions, architectures, and services by aligning opportunities with a 3-5 year cross-architectural vision. You will serve as the lead advocate for customers within Cisco. You will interpret the customers business and market drivers, with the customers needs into strategic (long term) technical architecture to solve business problems You will evaluate different approaches of Cisco vs. competitor solutions and resolve approach is most appropriate for the customers problem based on how the different models solve a business problem, including knowing when to contend vs collaborate. Who You'll Work With You will act as a trusted advisor in an account(s) and works with the account teams and account leadership (Client Director) Building Winning Capability within Cisco by contributing to the long-term success of Cisco through the sharing of methodologies and becoming engaged in mentorship activities. Consistently striving to improve and reinvent yourself. This role allows flexibility, customer engagement, groundbreaking technology and career mobility. Who You Are You look at a deep technical component of a solution and explain how it is meaningful to a customers business vs a competitor You have skills to do a competitive analysis at the technical and business level flexibly as needed. You are agile/open to change/innovator/ knowledge across multiple verticals/energetic with a real passion for the role/team and the customer. You have a deep understanding of the industry trends in the customers vertical. You understand and you are able to effectively map business drivers, outcomes and capabilities to technology solutions. You have advanced knowledge in existing and emerging technology concepts, protocols, standards, etc within and adjacent to customer specialization. You have the ability to demonstrate this knowledge and select appropriate technologies to address customer business challenges. You understand the impact (design and business outcome wise) of implementation of these technologies in customer environment. You take an active leadership role in providing customer requirements and inputs for tools required (e.g. return on investment tool, etc.) back to Business Entities / BU / CMO / partner events such as enablement, Cisco Live speaker/contributor, etc. You help in the technology strategy and field enablement in the area of coverage. You are an active member of VT community. You act as liaison between the Account Team and industry organizations (IEEE, IETF, MPLS forum etc) to ensure the customer's architectural vision aligns with industry leading practices Overall we are looking for someone to join a new team, full of desire and transformational energy to take our customers on a journey with us in this ever-changing world we live in. Come stoked/prepared for change/new ways of working and most of all to have some fun Why Cisco At Cisco, each person brings their unique talents to work as a team and make a difference. Yes, our technology changes the way the world works, lives, plays and learns, but our edge comes from our people. We connect everything – people, process, data and things – and we use those connections to change our world for the better. We innovate everywhere - From launching a new era of networking that adapts, learns and protects, to building Cisco Services that accelerate businesses and business results. Our technology powers entertainment, retail, healthcare, education and more – from Smart Cities to your everyday devices. We benefit everyone - We do all of this while striving for a culture that empowers every person to be the difference, at work and in our communities. Colorful hair? Don’t care. Tattoos? Show off your ink. Like polka dots? That’s cool. Pop culture geek? Many of us are. Be you, with us! WeAreCisco Cisco is an equal opportunity employer.