Description This position is responsible for maintaining the stability, integrity, and efficient operation of the Bank’s in-house information technology systems by, monitoring, maintaining and optimizing of network software, hardware, applications and associated operating systems. Position location is either Lynnwood or Tacoma, WA. The successful candidate will be able to: Support and maintain enterprise systems, including but not limited to servers, messaging systems, security, IP telephony, backup and disaster recovery, virtualization technology, storage, and networking infrastructure. Monitor system and network utilization and capacity constraints. Make recommendations to management, and implement in a timely manner. Ensure that servers and network devices are compliant with the Bank’s policies. Develop and implement remediation plans for non-complaint servers and devices. Plan upgrades and apply patches on server and infrastructure systems. Maintain backup and redundancy strategies on physical and virtual environments. Deploy Windows servers and network devices. Develop training and documentation materials for technical staff and/or end users, as applicable and/or required on project deliverables. Act as a team member on various IT-related projects. Requirements: High School diploma or equivalent – required. BS or BA degree in Computer Science, or related field – preferred. 3 years’ recent systems and network management experience demonstrating strong working knowledge of server operating systems (OSs) such as Microsoft, Linux, Oracle, etc., in a banking, financial services or a mid to large size company – required. Recent experience with enterprise architecture and products or a combination of such as Active Directory, Microsoft Exchange, VMware vSphere, Horizon View, Microsoft SQL Server, Microsoft IIS, SAN, and other current technology – required. Equivalent combination of formal IT industry related education and comparable work experience may be considered. IT certifications and/or accreditations - preferred. Provide an exceptional level of service for internal and external customers—with the ability to build and maintain positive, professional relationships and collaborate with all levels and functional areas of the organization. Excellent business communication skills, with demonstrated ability to effectively communicate technical information verbally and in writing to non-technical personnel, and the ability to read, write, speak, and understand English well. Strong planning, organizational, time management, analytical and follow up skills, demonstrating a strong sense of urgency ensuring that priorities are set and commitments and deadlines are met, with minimal direction and supervision. Thorough working knowledge of software, hardware and network applications. Strong knowledge of network infrastructure and IP networking. Strong knowledge of computer-network security systems, procedures, techniques and applications. Unquestionable integrity in handling sensitive and confidential information. Knowledge of network cabling standards for data and telecom. General knowledge and experience with scripting tools such as PowerShell. Travel varies as required. Valid driver’s license, proof of insurance and access to reliable transportation. Work Environment: Climate controlled office environment. Work involves being able to concentrate on the matter at hand, under sometimes distracting work conditions and frequent employee and customer contacts and interruptions during the day. Work requires regular attendance, punctuality and adherence to agreed-upon schedule with willingness to work a flexible and/or rotating schedule and or extended hours, which may require assisting at other locations, as needed. Physical Demands: Work may involve the constant use of computer screens, reading of reports, and sitting throughout the day. Ability to operate a computer keyboard, multi-line telephone, photocopier, scanner and facsimile which often requires dexterity of hands and fingers with repetitive wrist and hand motion. Work requires almost exclusive time spent using a telephone and computer; in the course of performing this position spends time writing, typing, speaking, listening, seeing (such as close, color and peripheral vision, depth perception and adjusted focus). Typically sitting at a desk or table; intermittently standing, stooping, bending at the waist, kneeling or crouching to file materials or install equipment, as needed. Occasional lifting 25-75 lbs. (e.g., files, boxes, equipment). The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed and are not an exclusive list of all qualifications for this position. Heritage Bank is an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, disability, or any other basis protected by applicable law. Job applicants have certain legal rights. Please click here for information regarding these rights. If you need assistance completing the online application, please email: HBRecruiting@HeritageBankNW.com