Who are we AutoX is an artificial intelligence company, based in Silicon Valley, and is creating full-stack A.I. software solution (perception, planning, and control) for self-driving vehicles to achieve level 5 full autonomy. Our disruptive innovation can deliver autonomous driving to more people, sooner, and safer. For more information, please check our website: autox.ai ( https://www.autox.ai/ ) WIRED ( https://www.wired.com/2017/03/autox-slaps-50-webcams-car-make-drive/ ) | Business Insider ( http://www.businessinsider.com/autox-ceo-jianxiong-xiao- interview-2017-3 ) | MIT Technology Review ( https://www.technologyreview.com/s/604006/autox-has-built-a-self-driving-car- that-navigates-with-a-bunch-of-50-webcams/ ) Responsibilities Safely operate our autonomous vehicles 8 hours a day, 5-6 days a week Collaborate closely with our talented engineers and operations team to provide detailed feedback on the vehicle’s performance. Gather data, generate daily reports, and document procedures and tests. Occasionally roll-up your sleeves and do whatever it takes to make things happen, such as supporting vehicle maintenance and other operational/logistical issues as needed. Qualifications Over 5 years of driving experience in the U.S. Experience with being an autonomous-driving vehicles test driver, with current or previous AVT permit Clean driving record and no criminal history Strong start-up spirit and "can-do" attitude. Thrive in fast-paced, dynamic environment. Punctual and flexible to do whatever needed. Strong execution, dependable, reliable. Excellent work ethic and professionalism. Willing to keep a flexible work schedule (evenings, weekends, holidays if necessary) and able to work swing shift. Collaborate with teammates to ensure at least 10 x 7 operations up-time. Comfortable with long driving hours in autonomous driving vehicles. Bonus Attributes BS/BA degree in science and engineering, or equivalent technical work experience Experience with Linux Vehicle maintenance experience Excellent attention to detail and multi-tasking What We Offer Working at one of the fastest growing and most promising self-driving car startups. Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including our talented software and hardware engineering team, product, and operations team. A company that is deeply rooted in the culture of encouraging collaboration, growth, learning, and development. Competitive compensation and benefits package with 401k match. Lunch, dinner, and fully stocked kitchen.