Your tasks and responsibilities About Bayer IT With our innovative products, we are contributing to finding solutions for some of the major challenges of our time. All the science we do and the resulting innovative products are designed to provide a better life for people across the world. To fulfill our mission, we embrace our LIFE values - Leadership, Integrity, Flexibility, and Efficiency. Our most important resource isn’t technical: it’s human. Our Information Technology(IT) Team collaborates across organizational boundaries and with external partners, focusing on innovative solutions to exceed our customers’ needs. We are currently seeking upcoming college graduates for our Entry-Level North America Information Technology College New Hire program. Identified candidates will start between January – June 2019 dependent upon graduation date. The primary responsibilities of this role, Assistant Analyst IT-Rotational Program, are to: Partner with experienced team members and other fellow college hires to learn how to be successful in your craft; Engage in software development, operational support, project management, or in new technologies like artificial intelligence, cloud computing, or other digital technology while delivering innovative solutions; Participate in various assignments; For your assignments you may travel to different Bayer U.S. facilities; with the goal of developing and challenging you for positions of greater responsibility and leadership; At the conclusion of the one-year program, you will continue on as a confident and productive IT practitioner in your team with a solid network established; Final assignments could be based in any one of our U.S. Bayer facilities. Who you are Your success will be driven by your demonstration of our LIFE values. More specifically related to this position, Bayer seeks an incumbent who possesses the following: Required Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree OR Master's Degree in Information Science, STEM(Science, Technology, Engineering or Mathematics) OR Business fields; OR High School DIploma OR GED and two or more years of equivalent work experience in IT; Degree must be confirmed within 6 months of your start date at Bayer; Willingness and flexibility to relocate or travel to other Bayer sites; Ability to travel domestically and/or internationally as required; US Citizen/US Permanent Resident. Preferred Qualifications: Overall GPA of 3.0 is preferred (GPA must be stated on the resume/unofficial transcripts upon initial application) to demonstrate applicable knowledge of educational degree; Previous IT related work experience a plus, including at least one internship experience. To all interested candidates An unofficial copy of your transcripts or a copy of your course schedule to date, including grades must be submitted with your application in order to be considered further. (Screen shot, etc. will be acceptable). Your application Bayer offers a wide variety of competitive compensation and benefits programs. If you meet the requirements of this unique opportunity, and you have the "Passion to Innovate" and the "Power to Change", we encourage you to apply now. Job postings will remain open for a minimum of ten business days and are subject to immediate closure thereafter without additional notice. To all recruitment agencies: Bayer does not accept unsolicited third party resumes. Bayer is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Disabled/Veterans Bayer is committed to providing access and reasonable accommodations in its application process for individuals with disabilities and encourages applicants with disabilities to request any needed accommodation(s) using the contact information below. Country: United States Location: CA-Berkeley, NJ-Whippany, CA-West Sacramento, PA-Pittsburgh, MO- St.Louis