Overview and Summary Urban Science is a business-solutions company focused on supporting the needs of the sales and marketing function of the automotive industry. We leverage a scientific methodology to help our client partners sell more vehicles, improve profitability and increase customer loyalty. And we do that by helping solve their toughest challenges including planning an optimal dealership network, improving individual dealer performance and efficiently converting sales leads into sales. In short, we guide business through science—and we’ve been doing this since 1977. OVERVIEW: The Advanced Analytics Data Engineer position reports to the Advanced Analytics Global Manager. The scope of the position is to support all database related processing of Advanced Analytics services and solutions. The role requires advanced knowledge of Microsoft SQL Server and experience with extract, transform, and load (ETL) of large corporate data assets. The Data Engineer will be responsible for the daily processing of the Urban Science Data Completeness Model (DCM) and will support external requests for information and reporting. The Data Engineer will also be responsible for data engineering of ETL, QA, and reporting processes to support and enhance advanced analytical studies and services developed by the Advanced Analytics team. Essential Duties and Responsibilities Maintain and enhance the Data Completeness Model (DCM), a SQL Server based daily sales simulation & estimation system. Ensure daily quality checks are performed and data issues are resolved in a timely manner. Work with the advanced analytics specialists to design, develop, and implement enhanced sales estimation techniques. Design, develop, and maintain complex extract, transform, and load (ETL) processing in Microsoft SQL Server to support analytical studies for the Advanced Analytics team, including creation of new data artifacts for statistical studies. Design, develop, and maintain quality assurance (QA) reports of analytical processes. Design, develop, and maintain modeling accuracy reports for predictive models created by advanced analytics specialists. Work with advanced analytics management during the design and requirements phases to create efficient ETL data architecture for advanced analytics products. Work with advanced analytics specialists to act as a liaison for Local Account Teams (LAM) and Application Development teams to extract and export data. Use business requirements to develop technical requirements and technical documentation of complex ETL processes. Estimate work effort for projects and deliverables Plans, organizes, develops and delivers reports, deliverables and projects on time, adhering to client requested specifications. Maintain Advanced Analytics database processing environment. Work with IT to resolve technical issues and optimize environment(s). Tracks, processes, analyzes and verifies data in order to improve accuracy and quality. Adheres to quality control standards for Urban Science and client organizations. Attends project meetings and participates in presenting project status updates to internal management to clearly communicate project status, conclusions and results. Proactively communicates with management to provide updates and report issues in a timely manner. Actively supports and participates in required Urban Science training programs to achieve targeted development objectives. Works with manager in completing own annual goal setting and performance review in a timely manner. Works with manager to prioritize other duties as assigned. Qualifications - Education and Experience To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, ability and/or competency needed for successful performance in the role. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. _Verbal Communication:_ Requires the ability to compose and verbally deliver information of varying levels, using appropriate grammar, tone, inflection and non-verbal cues, while also listening to and correctly deciphering verbal communication delivered by others. _Written Communication:_ __ Requires the ability and capacity to communicate ideas, facts and data in writing using appropriate grammar, syntax and sentence structure. _Analytical Thinking:_ __ Requires the ability to understand a situation by breaking it apart into smaller pieces, and/or tracing the implications of a situation in a step-by-step causal way. _Results Oriented:_ __ Requires the ability to strive for optimal results by taking responsibility for timeliness, commitment to task and adherence to performance standards. _Ethics & Integrity:_ __ Requires the ability to behave in a trustworthy & transparent manner. _Teamwork & Cooperation:_ Requires the ability to work cooperatively with others and be part of a team. _Self-Control:_ __ Requires the ability to keep emotions under control and to restrain from negative actions or behaviors. _Information Seeking:_ Requires the drive to gain a deeper understanding of work related issues or events by making a concerted effort to gather information and seek out development opportunities. _Initiative:_ __ Requires the drive to go above and beyond in order to improve or enhance job results. _Quality Control:_ __ Requires the ability to monitor and check work related information and deliverables ensuring high quality and accuracy. _Customer Service:_ Requires the ability to understand and help/assist both internal and external customers and meet their needs. _Flexibility/Adaptability:_ Requires the ability to adapt to and work effectively within a variety of situations, individuals or groups, as well as understand and appreciate different and opposing perspectives. _Conceptual Thinking:_ Requires the ability to understand a situation or problem by putting the different pieces together to see the bigger picture. _Interpersonal Understanding:_ Requires the ability to understand other’s feelings and concerns, and to value individual differences in people. _Self-Confidence:_ Requires the ability to express confidence in dealing with challenging circumstances, in reaching decisions or forming opinions and in handling failures or set-backs constructively. _Organizational Commitment:_ Requires the ability and willingness to align his/her own behavior with the needs, priorities and goals of the organization. _Relationship Building:_ Requires the ability to effectively build and maintain friendly, warm relationships or networks of contacts with clients/customers. _Assertiveness:_ __ Requires the ability and intent to appropriately display assertive behaviors to ensure others follow and comply with given directions. _Database:_ __ Requires advanced knowledge of relational database management, including, database design, query optimization, stored procedures, importing/exporting data and manipulating data. Knowledge and experience with SQL required. Experience with SSIS preferred. Knowledge of geographic, census-based data processing preferred. _Math & Statistics:_ __ Requires knowledge of basic descriptive statistics and ability to execute simple statistical analyses, create scatter plots, bar charts and histograms; requires ability to select and apply the right mathematical methods or formulas to solve a problem. Conceptual familiarity with advanced analytics concepts (regression, data mining, etc.) preferred. _MS Office:_ __ Requires demonstrated knowledge of MS Excel for charting and graphing of data, writing formulas and utilizing functions, and filtering, sorting and formatting of data; requires intermediate knowledge of MS Word, PowerPoint. _Technical/Software:_ Intermediate Microsoft SQL Server experience required. Programming experience with Python, R, and/or SAS programming preferred. Experience with reporting tools, such as Power BI, Tableau, and/or SAS strongly preferred. _Time Management:_ __ Demonstrated ability to prioritize competing demands and manage multiple concurrent tasks is required. _Project Management:_ __ Knowledge and understanding of project management principles and fundamentals is strongly preferred, including the ability to estimate work efforts. EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE: University degree required; technical degrees are strongly preferred (i.e., engineering, applied math, statistics, computer science, information systems, operations research) from an accredited college or university, or equivalent foreign institution. Non-technical degrees will be considered if candidate possesses appropriate level of analytical and technical knowledge required for the role Minimum of 3 years related work experience required. CERTIFICATES, LICENSES, REGISTRATIONS: Statistics 1 & Basic Statistics Assessment (or external equivalent) Intro to Operations Research (or external equivalent) WORK ENVIRONMENT: The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. This description is intended to describe the type and level of work being performed by a person assigned to this position. It is NOT an exhaustive list of all duties and responsibilities required by a person so classified. The job may require additional hours beyond the normal 40-hour workweek.