The IT Operations team at Audible Magic is responsible for building and maintaining a SaaS platform which processes billions of transactions a month, servicing customers around the globe. Our company and our services are growing. To support that growth, we are looking to add an experienced Systems Administrator to our team. You will be a key contributor within the Operations organization, responsible for ensuring that our infrastructure, both on-premises and in public cloud, is highly available, reliable, and efficient. Our System Administrators work closely with Engineering and DevOps to deploy and support our services. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Monitoring systems and services, utilizing a variety of tools, to identify and proactively address issues within our infrastructure. Working closely with Engineering and DevOps to recommend, design, and implement infrastructure, tools, and processes to improve and scale our services. Assisting with day-to-day troubleshooting and deployment tasks involving servers, networking, storage, operating systems and applications. Produce, analyze, and report on metrics and KPIs for capacity planning and to evaluate system/service performance. Contributing to internal documentation on systems and processes. Participating in on-call pager rotation and occasional local and remote travel to datacenter locations. Who We Are Looking For Ideally, you have several years of experience with a strong background in Linux system administration while also possessing a breadth of knowledge throughout the technology stack – networking, databases, storage, etc. Throw in some Windows knowledge for good measure. You are exceptional at troubleshooting and root cause analysis, and then implementing and documenting solutions. Experience supporting a SaaS platform where uptime is critical is also a big plus. Some of the technological skills we are looking for are: Advanced Linux configuration and administration. Including performance tuning, security hardening, and complex troubleshooting Networking concepts, device configuration and optimization (firewalls, switches, routers, load balancers) – experience with Palo Alto firewalls and Citrix NetScaler desired AWS Infrastructure – VPC, EC2, ALB/ELB, IAM, ECS/Fargate, S3, Security Group Management Experience using and configuring Enterprise SaaS-based monitoring tools such as LogicMonitor, Splunk, New Relic System build and configuration management tools – Chef, Puppet, Ansible, Dell OME Scripting experience with two or more of the following – bash, python, Perl, Ruby, JavaScript, Groovy, PowerShell Exceptional communication and interpersonal skills. Ability to work well within a small team environment but are also able to work autonomously, with little managerial oversight. Additional technical skills that would set you apart: Virtualization and Containerization – VMWare and Docker, specifically Windows System Administration – basic troubleshooting, performance optimization, security – Experience with services such as Active Directory, DNS, SMTP helpful. Enterprise storage management, iSCSI – Pure or Nimble preferred Enterprise backup and replication technologies and methodologies Message Queueing technologies such as ActiveMQ, RabbitMQ, Kafka System support and optimization for SQL and NoSQL databases, (not DBA) Experience with caching services such as Redis or Memcached _A Bachelor’s Degree in a technical disciple is desired. Relevant industry certifications help. We will consider a combination of education and experience for the right candidate._ Music Industry Innovation mu·sic - in·dus·try - in·no·va·tion /ˈmyo͞ozik/ /ˈindəstrē/ /inəˈvāSH(ə)n/ noun the action or process of innovating relating to the industry of music. synonyms: change, alteration, revolution, upheaval, transformation, metamorphosis, breakthrough a new method, idea, product, etc. plural noun: innovations "technological innovations designed to revolutionize the music industry"