California Water Service (Cal Water) invites you to pursue a career with the largest investor-owned American water utility west of the Mississippi River and the third-largest publicly traded water utility in the country. Formed in 1926, the San Jose-based company was named one of the Bay Area Top Workplaces several years in a row. Cal Water employees pride themselves on sharing a commitment to being the leader in providing its customers and communities with traditional and innovative utility services. Cal Water offers a generous total compensation package. We have competitive salaries and match a portion of employees' contributions to their Company 401(k). In addition, we provide a Company-funded pension plan, great healthcare benefits that provide coverage to employees and dependents, and generous tuition reimbursement. In addition, employees receive 11 paid holidays and three floating holidays per year, and two weeks of sick leave and vacation. We are committed to hiring the best candidates, developing current employees, and promoting from within. Continuous improvement and employee development opportunities allow employees to acquire the knowledge and skills necessary to progress and reach your career goals. SUMMARY: The Network Administrator designs, supports, maintains, and troubleshoots computer networking and communication systems; installs, configures, and maintains both physical and virtual computer servers; maintains network and complex systems; provides technical support for IT infrastructure, and provides technical support, installation and configuration of all storage (SAN) needs; and provides on-call support. This position is located in San Jose, California. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: Monitors the network; analyzes and troubleshoots the network logs and tracks the nature and resolution of problems; reports any unusual activity or system anomalies Administers the Active Directory; establishes and maintains user accounts, profiles, file sharing, access privileges, and security; maintains LAN user documentation, including hardware/software applications, support logs, and other related information Installs, supports, and maintains a broad range of network and security applications Provides administration and supports for complex systems and applications Manages and provides technical support for all VM environments Assists the Disaster Recovery Specialist with the designs and implementation of all disaster recovery tasks Complies with Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) requirements by ensuring that controls are adhered to Operates, maintains, and troubleshoots the Storage Area Network (SAN) Completes and tests SAN backup and recovery application administration Ensures proper documentation of all network and server infrastructure and configuration Conducts research on network products, services, protocols, and standards; may recommend system enhancements to keep pace with technology Troubleshoots network and remote connectivity hardware/software issues Performs project management for projects of medium complexity and size Participate in and support the Company’s Continuous Improvement programs and projects Perform other similar duties as assigned MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Technology or related field and/or equivalent relevant experience Five years of experience in all aspects of network management and administration Microsoft Certified Network Engineer (MCSE) desired Cisco Certified Network Professional (CCNP) desired Excellent verbal and written communication skills Proficient in the use of Microsoft Office applications Valid California Driver License Deadline to submit resume is Tuesday, August 14, 2018. The Equal Opportunity Policy of the Company is based upon the philosophy that all people should be treated fairly and with dignity. California Water Service, Hawaii Water Service, New Mexico Water Service and Washington Water Service do not discriminate against any applicant or employee because of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, or any other protected class. The Company makes all employment decisions in a non-discriminatory manner. EOE, VET, DISABILITIES.