_Tabula Rasa Health Care? TRHC is a family of companies that leverages technology to improve healthcare. TRHC works with providers and insurers to identify multi-drug interactions and to reduce risk of medication-related problems. We have developed the first multi-drug interaction tool that identifies risk across a variety of safety factors and presents meaningful opportunities to mitigate that risk. This technology can be used to assess safety at the individual patient-level or to stratify medication risk at the population-level, and can be embedded within any EMR or other healthcare IT system._ _Tabula Rasa Healthcare is looking for an Information Security Analyst who will be responsible for the deployment, monitoring and maintenance of security systems and will work as part of the Information Security team to implement and support a secure enterprise environment._ Responsibilities: Identify, advise and make recommendations regarding implementation of security controls and security architecture. Assist with evidence collection for vendor assessments. Create and maintain information security system reports. Assist in design and implementation of security processes and workflows. Maintain, administer and support VPN, Active Directory, Firewall, DLP, IDS, endpoint security systems and vulnerability scanning. Participate in resolving problems with security violations. Communicate with business and IT staff and vendors and serve as security SME when needed. Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor?s Degree, Information Systems, Computer Science, Information Security or related field required. Five years experience in administering IT security controls in an organization. Seven to ten years IT security or information security experience with a proven ability to engage with Senior Management and regulators. Knowledge of technical infrastructure, networks, databases and systems in relation to IT Security and IT Risk. Experience with IPS/IDS, DLP and SIEM technologies. Other duties as required by supervisor. Preferred Qualifications: Experience working with the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS), health plans, and health information technology products and organizations. Strong quality assurance background Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP), or related certification. Project management skills. Windows workstation and server administration experience. Prior experience performing security reviews and risk assessments.