YOUR ROLE You’ll be the mastermind behind our customers’ success - managing our customers and carriers experience through your relationships and technical expertise. You’ll become an industry expert, partnering with shippers, brokers, and carriers to unify communication in one place - the FourKites platform. You’ll wow them with your quick and flawless execution of our carrier/broker setup process. RESPONSIBILITIES Onboarding carriers to our platform - sending and receiving files, using creativity to solve unique and changing problems, and setting up integrations Participate in customer and carrier calls, taking notes and setting follow-up tasks and action items Provide weekly updates on onboarding progress Maintain accurate records in the CRM Work cross-functionally with Marketing, Sales, and Engineering to streamline processes and improve our product Complete strategic projects as assigned ABOUT YOU You love variety and can manage multiple tasks at the same time. You can jump from a call to an excel spreadsheet to a cloud CRM with ease, and execute flawlessly in each thing you do. You are obsessively organized, detail- oriented, and driven. You thrive in fast-paced environments and are comfortable with ambiguity and lack of structure You enjoy solving challenging problems using critical thinking and creativity Entrepreneurial spirit - you make things happen and proactively step up when you recognize an opportunity Intelligent with strong verbal and written communication skills Superior organization skills and attention to detail Comfortable talking to a wide variety of people, including senior leadership Insatiable curiosity - you love learning new things REQUIREMENTS Bachelors degree from an accredited university Proficient in MS Office, Google Apps, and CRM tools Experience in logistics or SaaS a plus FourKites is the fastest-growing predictive supply chain platform, backed by top-tier VC firms in Silicon Valley, Boston and Chicago, delivering real-time visibility and execution for Fortune 500 companies and third-party logistics firms. Using a proprietary algorithm to calculate shipment arrival times, FourKites enables customers to lower operating costs, improve on-time performance, and strengthen end-customer relationships. With a network of more than four million GPS/ELD devices, FourKites covers all modes including ocean, rail, parcel and over-the-road. The platform is optimized for mobile and equipped with market-leading end-to-end security. We look for smart, agile, creative team players who are ready to roll up their sleeves and deliver for our customers. If you cannot successfully complete the application process through the FourKites website because of the education field, please send your resume and a brief message to careers@fourkites.com