WhatsApp is a fast, simple and reliable way to talk to anyone in the world. More than 1 billion people in over 180 countries use WhatsApp to stay in touch with friends and family, anytime and anywhere. WhatsApp is not only free but also available on multiple mobile devices and in low connectivity areas — making it accessible and reliable wherever you are. It's a simple and secure way to share your favorite moments, send important information or catch up with a friend. WhatsApp helps people connect and share no matter where they are in the world. WhatsApp is seeking a Technical Quality Specialist in our Customer Operations team. If you are intellectually curious, love discovering user insights, being the voice of the user and want to impact the lives of hundreds of millions of users globally, this is the role for you! Using your start-up mindset and your experience with smartphones, you will help support and test awesome features used by millions of WhatsApp users. You must have the flexibility to adapt to changing priorities and be excited to operate independently in a fast-paced and growing environment. This is a full-time position based with the WhatsApp team in Menlo Park, California. RESPONSIBILITIES Become a technical expert in WhatsApp and a source of information to the rest of the WhatsApp Customer Operations team. Investigate, triage, test and report technical issues during beta and alpha stages across all platforms. Build test plans for new feature in development, partnering closely with the engineering team as well as product team on the roadmap for new features. Maintain a bank of test plans and coordinate QA testing with internal as well as external third-party vendor team. Monitor and analyze product feedback and bug reports during the developmental stages. Partner with the client automation team on improving their smoke test automation recipe for different platforms and follow up on bugs found in the automated testing phase. Improve the overall efficiency of the ProdOps QA testing and triaging processes. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS BA/BS or equivalent 4-year university degree 1+ years of experience as tier 2 or 3 support on smartphone platforms Knowledge of the Android, Windows and/or iOS mobile operating systems Knowledge of the web browsers and/or desktop operating systems Demonstrated experience multitasking and managing competing priorities Demonstrated experience balancing independence tasks/goals while contributing to team goals and collaborating with other team members Demonstrated experience with remote teams across different time zones Eligible to work in the US No international relocation PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Technical QA testing background 1+ years of experience in QA testing