Job Description Akili is expanding its Cloud Solutions practice, and we need qualified candidates to help us grow! If you have strong analytical skills and enjoy creating complex financial models, we want you to join our team. Whether your background is in financial planning and analysis, demand planning, sales and operations planning, workforce planning or actuarial planning, we need problem solvers who enjoy building planning solutions. Anaplan is a cloud-based planning platform that is disrupting the world of enterprise planning management. Akili is a premier Anaplan partner with expertise in helping our clients implement complex planning solutions using the Anaplan platform. The Anaplan Modeler will be trained to use the Anaplan platform to build planning models, then join other Akili planning team members to build solutions for our clients. We work in teams. We need people who are goal oriented and work well with others to achieve successful outcomes for our clients. Basic Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree in Finance or Information Systems or related discipline Required 2+ years’ experience as a financial analyst or financial systems developer Strong experience using advanced financial formulas to build complex financial models in MS Excel Good understanding of general accounting and financial principles Detail oriented and commitment to building high-quality solutions Eagerness to learn and work with a dynamic, fun team Experience implementing software applications a plus Previous experience with Anaplan a plus Ability to travel as required About Us: Akili Inc. is a business management and technology consulting firm headquartered in Dallas, TX, with locations in Houston, TX and Denver, CO. Akili delivers solutions for Fortune 2000 companies and is focused on Industry solutions for Oil and Gas, Telecommunications, Finance, Hi-Tech and Retail, among others. Akili is a professional services organization and in many ways our people are our product. We understand that our ability to consistently deliver world class solutions to our clients is wholly dependent on our ability to attract and retain world class team members. Our vision is to create a work environment that gives our people the opportunity, encouragement, and recognition they need to truly excel at what they do. Akili will hire only the very best for our consulting jobs and work with them to ensure they continue to improve. Akili always delivers because our people always deliver. Anyone who has spent time with Akili realizes that the core values on which the organization was founded are unusually present in its daily business. These values guide all of the key decisions at the firm and are present at every layer within the organization. Check them out at http://www.akili.com/core-values/. Mail resume to HR Manager, Akili, Inc. 400 Las Colinas Blvd East, Ste 450, Irving, TX 75039.