Want to be a key member of the centralized analytics team within The Home Depot's hub of innovation and one of the fastest growing segments of .com? Global Custom Commerce is looking for its next Manager of Data Science! Your role will be highly visible and require active collaboration with Product Owners, Web Tagging, Data Warehouse, Business Intelligence, and Data Visualization teams local to Houston as well as in Atlanta and Austin. Why work here? Our entrepreneurial roots and maverick mentality, coupled with the resources and backing of the 1 home improvement retailer in the world, The Home Depot, is a unique opportunity for you to be a transformative retail disrupter. Plus, GCC is the world’s largest online window covering company, and we’ve got a demonstrably awesome 20-year track record. From our open-floor office to our open-door ethos, our culture is rooted in improving, evolving, and having fun (we’re pretty serious about cake, cook-offs, ping pong, meaningful work and exciting projects). Most importantly, our team members are always inspired, engaged, and ready for growth. That means you’ll have the resources and the runway to create truly magical, out-of-the-box work. Moreover, you will play an important role in leveraging our culture, people, systems, processes, and technology — ultimately to provide incredible customer and associate experiences, while growing business for GCC and The Home Depot. This is your chance to be part of something big, in a small start-up environment. We’re ranked as one of The Top 5 Workplaces in Texas and have consistently won the following awards: The Best Place to Work in Houston ( Houston Business Journal ), Houston’s Top Workplaces ( Houston Chronicle ) and Houston’s Best and Brightest. MAJOR TASKS, RESPONSIBILITES AND KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES 20%- Partner closely with senior leaders to identify opportunities and design /deploy world-class data science projects in the areas of Marketing, Customer Experience, Merchandising, Operations, and Interconnected Retail 20%- Innovate, problem solve and hustle to create actionable insights for the business to act… quickly! 20%- Quickly learn and optimize existing analytical initiatives such as multi- touch attribution, media mix modeling, and revenue management (product mix and promotional strategies) 20%- Help provide greater visibility on customer behavior through comprehensive analysis and algorithms surrounding customer segmentation and targeting to personalize the customer journey 10%- Design pilot programs for advanced analytics algorithms that will prove value prior to full scale launch 10%- Spearhead the design of data flow processes required for machine learning initiatives, including real time personalization algorithms in production environments NATURE AND SCOPE The position reports to the Sr. Manager of Marketing Analytics This position has no direct reports ENVIRONMENTAL JOB REQUIREMENTS Environment: Located in a comfortable indoor area. Any unpleasant conditions would be infrequent and not objectionable Travel: Typically requires overnight travel less than 10% of the time MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Must be eighteen years of age or older. Must be legally permitted to work in the United States. Education Required: The knowledge, skills and abilities typically acquired through the completion of a bachelor's degree program or equivalent degree in a field of study related to the job. Years of Relevant Work Experience: 5 + years Physical Requirements: Most of the time is spent sitting in a comfortable position and there is frequent opportunity to move about. On rare occasions there may be a need to move or lift light articles. Preferred Qualifications: Retail and/or Ecommerce experience Experience performing a machine learning migration into Google Cloud Platform Ability to design near real time production algorithms, specifically website / campaign personalization Internal search algorithm development Experience with voice analytics capabilities Adobe Analytics (Omniture) - Click Stream Data Mining Marketing: Product Recommendation Engine, Channel Optimization (digital and direct response), Customer Segmentation, Profiling, and Lifecycle Optimization Tableau - data layer staging and dashboard design Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Competencies: Experience in advanced modeling environment (supervised, unsupervised, and reinforcement) Possess a blend of business acumen, consulting-like abilities, and analytics capabilities to identify areas of need and develop solutions that will provide optimal value to all internal stakeholders Excellent oral and written communication skills combined with the ability to market and report out complex initiatives to non-technical colleagues and / or business leadership Able to prioritize time between strategic thinking, serving run the business activities, assessing / optimizing company performance, and hands-on development work of larger initiatives True data science professional (working knowledge of full analytics value chain) Advanced SAS / Python - statistical analysis and machine learning SQL Server - Data Modeling and ETL