QUALITY ENGINEER COMPANY OVERVIEW: Astreya Partners are at the cusp of the new way of working. We provide Engineering and IT Managed Services to some of the most exciting companies on the planet. Our delivery model helps our clients be highly productive by matching exceptional people to on-site teams delivering world class services. With professionals in 32 countries and 70 cities around the world, we are a truly global company working with global clients. CLIENT OVERVIEW: Our client is the world’s foremost self-driving technology company experts in areas like machine learning, artificial intelligence, and advanced sensor technologies for autonomous vehicles. They are launching the world’s first fully self-driving transportation service that will take members of the public from here to there with a simple touch of a button. This position will work within Supply Chain Operations to make sure the Manufacturing Assembly and Engineering Operations run smoothly and efficiently. POSITION OVERVIEW: As the Vehicle Quality Engineer you are to ensure that the Quality Control Plan for the vehicle retrofit process at our Contract Manufacturers is properly executed. This includes oversight of the inspection of incoming OEM vehicles, assuring the the vehicle retrofit process is executed per the Manufacturing Process Flow, and verifying the finished vehicle meets all product design requirements as defined by engineering specifications and test requirements. You will work directly with Contract Manufacturers and Suppliers, as well as with various internal teams like Quality, Manufacturing, Supply Chain, and Design Engineering. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: 5+ years experience in a Manufacturing/Engineering/Operations Quality role in the automotive/transportation OEM or Tier supplier manufacturing arena. Bachelor's Engineering degree or equivalent work experience; hands-on experience in automotive manufacturing can compensate for not having an engineering degree. Ability to work independently, identifying and addressing problems with appropriate priority. Experience with a variety of light assembly and manufacturing processes. Understands typical automotive manufacturing, manual assembly, test and inspection methodologies. Strong skills leading the 7D problem solving processes : problem definition, containment, occurrence/escape root cause analysis, corrective/preventive action planning and execution. Demonstrates excellent problem solving & communication skills while working alone and in large teams; interfacing with assembly operators, inspectors, production supervisors, engineers, and technical managers. PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Experience with interpretation of design drawings/GD&T;, schematics, and cosmetic standards for creation and execution of inspection criteria. Demonstrated hands-on mechanical, manufacturing process and vehicle electrical troubleshooting experience. Strong experience with manufacturing as well as supply chain techniques and processes such as supplier audits, new product introductions, product life cycles, manufacturing engineering, first article inspection, technical documentation, etc. Excellent understanding of factory-related and customer-related product quality/reliability metrics. Experienced in collaborating and working cross-functionally with Operations, Manufacturing, Design Engineering, and Supply Chain/Purchasing teams. Excellent problem solving, analytical, written and verbal communication skills. OTHER RESPONSIBILITIES: Develop the vehicle Control Plan for incoming, in-process, and outgoing quality controls, to assure the finished vehicle meets all technical specifications. Review supplier partner process flows, PFMEA, and Control Plans. Identify shortfalls and corrective actions to ensure design compliance. Provide on-site support of Contract Manufacturers to manage vehicle line bring-up including troubleshooting of vehicle systems, end-of-line testing and sensor calibration. Verify that operators and inspectors are trained to the correct quality standards, and that all safety requirements are met throughout the production and inspection processes. Work with the vehicle Contract Manufacturer on site at their factory, providing oversight of the Contract Manufacturer’s execution of agreed processes, assuring that manufacturing and inspection processes are performed correctly using the proper tools, materials and methods. Audit compliance to process and technical requirements through the use of Quality Checklists. Meticulously document problems and work cross-functionally to contain, root cause, and implement corrective actions. Assessment and approval of proper vehicle repairs and reworks to meet technical requirements. Sign-off of completed vehicles prior to shipment from the Contract Manufacturer’s facility. Verification of manufacturing and quality control record-keeping, to assure each vehicle’s manufacturing history is properly archived. Investigate, correct and monitor ongoing improvement of product quality issues experienced by customers. Must enable collaborative, timely, data-driven decision making to tackle product quality related issues. Work with Global Supply Managers to assess supplier readiness to support build events and production ramp. Identify potential execution issues and provide recommendations to mitigate risk.