Roles and Responsibilities: Identify and analyze test data needs for both the business, development and testing teams Develop strategies to source, extract, provision and refresh test data Implement test data strategies to meet test data needs Review and provide input on all project level documentation We are looking for applicants who have a flair for technology and are willing to take up challenging assignments. _Applicants are required to be eligible to lawfully work in the U.S. immediately; employer will not sponsor applicants for U.S. work authorization (such as an H-1B visa) for this opportunity._ Mandatory Skills: Having mainframe experience with ability to create utilities for data mining, data validation and mock file creations Web service testing – SOAP,REST Skilled with Basic SQL Knowledge to perform data mining in DB2 tables. Experience in Groovy scripting & Java scripting Experience in Tools & Utilities - Changeman, Endeavor, SPUFI, , IBM Data Studio, SOAP UI or Ready API, Putty(Must) Desired Skills: Added Advantage - Selenium, Eclipse Job Location : Phoenix, Arizona, United States Employee Status : Full Time Employee Shift : Day Job Travel : No Job Posting : Jul 25 2018 Cognizant US Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran. If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions in the US, please send an email with your request to CareersNA2@cognizant.com About Cognizant Cognizant is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant, a member of the NASDAQ-100, is ranked 195 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us on Twitter: USJobsCognizant. Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.