Why We’re Rad (about us): Rad Power Bikes is a leading consumer-direct ebike manufacturer specializing in high quality yet affordable electric bikes for weekend warriors, hardcore commuters, and family cyclists. Madly growing and located in Ballard, we are seeking a gifted Sourcing, Quality Control & Production Manager to join our team. Do you live & breathe supply chain details, enjoy being 'in the weeds' on projects, and have a strong background in data analysis? If so, you may be a good fit for our team! This professional-level role is responsible for ensuring the highest quality components and ultimately products, at the most competitive price point for Rad Power Bikes. This position will require becoming the subject matter expert (SME) regarding cost of materials while striving to maintain quality and price competitiveness. In combination with this, quality must be monitored to achieve company standards consistently while meeting production schedules. Will lead accountability protocols, auditing, monitoring and the development of metrics. There will be significant interface and collaboration with the CMO, CEO, Director of Supply Chain, and Inventory Analyst. This role will communicate regularly with our China contract manufacturer and related business partners. This is an individual contributor role and reports to our Director of Supply Chain. Check us out at www.radpowerbikes.com. Why You’re Rad (about you): Experience utilizing global manufacturing with a physical product; 5-10 years’ experience with sourcing and procurement of materials 5-10 years’ experience with managing the cost and quality of the bill of materials. 5+ years’ experience with monitoring quality specs at the manufacturer level. 5-10 years’ experience communicating and collaborating with top level department heads. Proficiency with Microsoft Office Suite, Dropbox and Google applications, as well as, order processing systems, and project management software. Proficiency with quality assurance tools. You get bonus points for: Proficiency in Mandarin Prior work experience with non-US based factories Additional Requirements: B.A./B.S. in Operations Management/applicable degree or equivalent professional experience in power sports/automated products. Excellent oral and written communication skills Ability to conduct meetings and interface in a professional manner Had you been with us last month, you would have: Researched materials producers; Monitored and negotiated the cost of materials directly from producers; Developed appropriate quality metrics; Conducted quality audits with manufacturer; Lead any remedial measures where needed with manufacturer in a timely manner; Lead changes as a result of product innovations and/or adjustments with manufacturer; Kept leadership apprised of any issues related to cost and quality, in a timely manner; Provided regular updates to leadership in area of responsibility. Rad Power Bikes is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at 800-939-0310.