This position requires a high degree of independence, efficiency, ability to use discretion, maintain confidentiality and to manage competing priorities with minimal direction and supervision. This position requires judgement and problem solving in a fast-paced, high intensity, high profile, work environment while managing changing priorities. Incumbent will act as a leader with a high degree of organization knowledge and relationships with Executive Leadership and Faculty members. The incumbent plays a key role on the project team for $1.5 – $2.5 billion New Hospital at Parnassus Heights (NH@PH). The incumbent is instrumental in ensuring that the projects will be delivered on time and on/or under budget. As a member of the Core project team, the incumbent is responsible for preparing presentation materials, project updates, budget summaries and decisions to be made by the Executive Leadership Committee and Steering Committee. This role is responsible for analyzing and synthesizing data from a vast number of sources. The incumbent is also responsible for coordinating meetings, meeting minutes, documenting decisions, distribute reports and follow up with the individuals accountable for next steps for the Core Team (weekly), Executive Steering Committee (monthly), Steering Committee (quarterly), and User Groups (as needed); to support the project delivery process. This requires in-depth knowledge of the organization and personnel, relying on years of service at UCSF. In some case, this role may lead meetings and user groups during the course of the project. Provides administrative support to the Vice President of New Hospital Planning and Optimization through all phases of the design and construction of projects. Plans and leads awareness events, team-building events and publicity/education events related to the new hospital. Coordinates closely with the Campus and Medical Center departments and colleagues related to meetings and events involving the community, donors, key stakeholders, consultants and user groups. Work with Medical Center Special Events on major milestone recognition events such as Groundbreaking, Topping Out and Grand Opening Celebrations. Under minimal direction, provides all assistance required of the VP of New Hospital Planning. Communicates independently with high-level constituents and donors. Serves as resource in response to concerns or inquiries related to the new hospital project in the absence of the VP. Responsible for high-level coordination and scheduling. Processes, proofreads, edits and distributes confidential letters, reports, minutes, contracts, and other documents and materials. Creates and maintains an organizational system for suggestions and feedback regarding the new hospital programming and design. Coordinates with project teams for external educational and conference opportunities. Analyzes and summarizes data from multiple sources. Prepare this in summary, report and graphical presentation. Consistently exhibits tact, confidentiality, discretion, professionalism and superb communication and organizational skills. Possesses knowledge of principles and practices of project management, team building, and leadership techniques. Supervise different tasks in the quest of completing a project. Assist with documenting all project-related assignments, issues and risks. Improve project administration processes by identifying inefficiencies and recommending solutions when/where needed. Employ creativity in solving problems and resolving conflicts quickly and effectively. Maintains confidentiality Required Qualifications Three to five years of administrative support, analysis, project management, preferable in a hospital design/construction, and/or hospital operations setting Bachelor's degree in related area and / or equivalent experience / training Thorough knowledge of University rules and regulations, processes, protocols and procedures for budget, accounting and fund management, and / or personnel management Thorough knowledge of financial analysis and reporting techniques, and / or human resources policies and procedures for staff and academic employees Ability to work with senior leadership including Chiefs, Vice Presidents, Project Managers, Faculty and Consultants on high-level, time-sensitive, and detail-oriented tasks/projects Possess excellent organizational, analytical, technology, communication, interpersonal, and customer service skills, and attention to detail Demonstrate ability to work independently under pressure of competing priorities Able to perform increasingly challenging tasks within a complex organization with minimal supervision; schedule and prepare for complex executive-level meetings and have the ability to exercise good judgement to identify and handle sensitive and confidential issues and assignments with discretion Consistently exhibits tact, discretion, professionalism and superb communication and organizational skills Possesses knowledge of principles and practices of project management, team building, and leadership techniques Supervise different tasks in the quest of completing a project Assist with documenting all project-related assignments, issues and risks Improve project administration processes by identifying inefficiencies and recommending solutions when/where needed Employ creativity in solving problems and resolving conflicts effectively Ability to use discretion and maintain confidentiality Solid knowledge of common University-specific computer application programs Strong skills in short-term planning, analysis, problem-solving, and customer service The flexibility to orient and work at all UCSF Medical Center locations Preferred Qualifications Knowledge of a variety of administrative operational activities such as event planning, basic fundraising processes, risk management planning, website design, accounting and payroll, and contracts and grants regulations and guidelines Current UCSF Health or Campus employee, or recent employment within two (2) years prior Licensure/Certification N/A Living Pride Standards Service Excellence Demonstrates service excellence by following the Everyday PRIDE Guide with the UCSF Medical Center standards and expectations for communication and behavior. These standards and expectations convey specific behavior associated with the Medical Center’s values: Professionalism, Respect, Integrity, Diversity and Excellence, and provide guidance on how we communicate with patients, visitors, faculty, staff, and students, virtually everyone, every day and with every encounter. These standards include, but are not limited to: personal appearance, acknowledging and greeting all patients and families, introductions using AIDET, managing up, service recovery, managing delays and expectations, phone standards, electronic communication, team work, cultural sensitivity and competency. Uses effective communication skills with patients and staff; demonstrates proper telephone techniques and etiquette; acts as an escort to any patient or family member needing directions; shows sensitivity to differences of culture; demonstrates a positive and supportive manner in which patients / families/ colleagues perceive interactions as positive and supportive. Exhibits team work skills to positively acknowledge and recognize other colleagues, and uses personal experiences to model and teach Living PRIDE standards. Exhibits tact and professionalism in difficult situations according to PRIDE Values and Practices Demonstrates an understanding of and adheres to privacy, confidentiality, and security policies and procedures related to Protected Health Information (PHI) or other sensitive and personal information. Demonstrates an understanding of and adheres to safety and infection control policies and procedures. Assumes accountability for improving quality metrics associated with department/unit and meeting organizational/departmental targets. Work Environment Keeps working areas neat, orderly and clutter-free, including the hallways. Adheres to cleaning processes and puts things back where they belong. Removes and reports broken equipment and furniture. Picks up and disposes of any litter found throughout entire facility. Posts flyers and posters in designated areas only; does not post on walls, doors or windows. Knows where the Environment of Care Manual is kept in department; corrects or reports unsafe conditions to the appropriate departments. Protects the physical environment and equipment from damage and theft. The flexibility to orient and work at all UCSF Medical Center locations is required. Equal Employment Opportunity The University of California San Francisco is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran or disabled status, or genetic information. Further information about the University of California, San Francisco, is available at diversity.ucsf.edu. UCSF seeks candidates whose skills, and personal and professional experience, have prepared them to contribute to our commitment to diversity and excellence, and the communities we serve.