Technology Integration Designer – Los Angeles, Irvine, San Diego or Las Vegas Glumac is a leader in Technology Low Voltage systems design and Sustainable Design. Our mission is to engineer and commission “green buildings that work”. We search for genuinely passionate people who thrive in collaborative environments, care deeply about sustainability and will bring new engineering innovations to building projects. If you also embrace accomplishing this with a diverse team of passionate people, we encourage you to apply. We are and will continue to be engineers for a sustainable future. Join us! JOB DUTIES AND QUALIFICATIONS BA in electrical engineering or equivalent in industry design experience. Technical degree in AutoCAD and/or Revit MEP 5 yrs of telecom systems drafting experience. Assemble Construction Documents submittals using REVIT or AutoCAD. Proficient on Revit and AutoCAD 3D views, interior elevations, technical details drafting, enlarged rooms views, complex schedules and picking up red-lines markups. Experience on Telecom Infrastructure design, Electronic Security design and Audiovisual design. Technology Industry certifications – i.e. RCDD, OSP, DCDC, PSP, CTS, ITS, among others. Intermediate MEP/LV systems drafting skills. Excellent graphic scale management. Proficiency in Building & Electrical Codes and Standards Knowledge of the TIA/EIA standards, BICSI TDDM, ITS fundamentals, etc. ADDITIONAL OFFERINGS Competitive salary along with a rich and comprehensive benefits package. 401k with an annual matching contribution. Base of 3+ weeks of accrued annual Paid Time Off (PTO). 8 days of regular holidays. FSA, EAP, Health Advocate and other employee focused health benefit options with Wellness. Generous Paid Referral Bonus Program. Discretionary Annual Merit Bonus. Employee Stock Purchase Plan allows eligible employees to purchase shares at a discounted rate. Glumac provides Equal Employment Opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Glumac complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.