The Internal Audit Group (IAG) delivers independent and objective assurance services that support management in striking the balance between risk and controls, and help the Board of Directors fulfill its governance responsibilities. We perform independent process, financial, compliance, and technology audits, consistent with professional standards. IAG also reviews specific operations or processes at the request of the Audit Committee or Senior Leadership. The Technology Audit role in IAG focuses on assessing automated controls supporting world class technology platforms across all business processes at American Express. Our technology auditors assess controls related to emerging payment technologies, mobile solutions, cloud computing, integration with social media applications, and other areas within complex technology environments using innovative testing approaches including data analytics. The Senior IT Auditor is responsible for assessing the design of and testing automated process controls in an integrated audit approach, developing recommendations with management, and supporting audit planning and status reporting for audits of critical business processes and risk management activities throughout the enterprise. This rewarding environment provides continual opportunities to learn new technologies, understand business processes, and develop personally. Qualifications Participate As A Key Team Member On Technology Audit Projects. Assist Team Leaders And Snr/Managers In Accomplishing Audit Objectives In A Team Environment. Document Processes Under Review. Understands, Identifies, Evaluates And Documents Key Risks And Controls. Execute Audit Tests Competently In Accordance With Policies And Procedures, And With Moderate Supervision. Demonstrate Knowledge And Proper Application Of Sampling Techniques Summarize And Communicate Results. Develop Recommendations To Close Identified Control Gaps. Ensure Effective And Efficient Execution Of Audits In Conformance With Professional And Department Standards, Budgets, And Timelines. Proficient Use Of Automated Work Papers And Other Department And Company Tools. Maintain Internal Audit Competency Through Ongoing Professional Development. Depending on factors such as business unit requirements, the nature of the position, cost and applicable laws, American Express may provide visa sponsorship for certain positions. ReqID: 18012166 Schedule (Full-Time/Part-Time): Full-time