Qualifications 3-5 years of technical experience in distributed computing, machine learning, and statistics related work; preferably in the Oil & Gas industry Strong academic qualifications with an advanced degree in a quantitative discipline (Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics, Mathematics, etc.) Programming experience with R, Python, C/C++, and/or Java Proficiency in statistical data analysis and data mining packages SAS, SPSS, MatLab, R, STATA, Excel, etc. Strong multi-tasking ability, flexibility, and patience in a fluid environment Excellent communication skills and ability to explain complex analytical concepts to colleagues and clients from other fields Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment and effectively with people at all levels of an organization Proven record of leadership in a work setting and/or through extracurricular activities Previous consulting experience is a plus Who You'll Work With You’ll work with our McKinsey Energy Insights team in Houston. Energy Insights is part of McKinsey's New Ventures. Energy Insights, a specialist data and analytics unit, provides distinctive analysis, insights, and support to energy players. We offer services along the oil and gas value chain, including exploration and production, refining and marketing, natural gas, trading and oil field services, and equipment. Energy Insights’ dedicated specialists apply proprietary tools and methodologies and a data-driven approach. With our strong ties with McKinsey’s oil and gas consulting practice and access to the expertise of the wider McKinsey network, our research and analysis yield knowledge available nowhere else. McKinsey New Ventures fosters innovation driven by analytics, design thinking, mobile and social by developing new products/services and integrating them into our client work. It is helping to shift our model toward asset-based consulting and is a foundation for – and expands our investment in – our entrepreneurial culture. Through innovative software as a service solutions, strategic acquisitions, and a vibrant ecosystem of alliances, we are redefining what it means to work with McKinsey. As one of the fastest-growing parts of our firm, New Ventures has more than 1,500 dedicated professionals (including more than 800 analysts and data scientists) and we’re hiring more mathematicians, data scientists, designers, software engineers, product managers, client development managers and general managers. What You'll Do You will work directly with clients and client teams to conduct hands-on rigorous quantitative analysis. In this role you will advise on analytic options, including discussing potential analytical approaches to problems, associated costs and trade-offs, and recommendations. You will interpret the outputs of statistical models and results with teams in order to translate the input from quantitative analyses into specific actionable business recommendations. Additioanlly, you will manage the delivery of analytical solutions to clients via written and verbal presentations. You will work on internal projects to help build proprietary models and new products. You’ll have the opportunity to gain new skills and build on the strengths you bring to the firm. You will receive exceptional training as well as frequent coaching and mentoring from colleagues.