Position Description Our mission is simple: to innovate on retail with new technologies to revolutionize how Walmart approaches digital commerce to deliver with speed and agility. We are looking for a hands-on, results-oriented Sr. Product Management to join our Walmart Mexico Product Management team to lead Data & Analytics in Walmart Mexico and Central America (Walmex). You'll be driving products across various platforms to create world-class omni-channel experience for our customers to save money and time so they can live better. Best of all, you'll be part of the founding members of this newly created team, early enough to hold an influential leadership position where you play a key role in our success in the years ahead. About you: A strategic and seasoned product leader with strong ecommerce instincts, business acumen, analytical skills and judgment. You are technically competent and have a passion for data & analytics. Your cadence is a perfect match for the fast pace of Walmart Labs and you're equally comfortable getting into the details of what it takes to get a great experience out the door as you are thinking about longer-term product and business strategy for our eCommerce and Retail assets. You welcome the opportunity to dig into data, talk to users, build the roadmap, and deliver products, while working with cross-functional teams including Engineering, UX, Operations, Supply-chain, and Marketing. You excited to become a global leader within our organization: collaborate with our local Product and Engineering teams in Sunnyvale, CA (USA), developed deep relationships with our Business and UX Teams in Mexico City and drive execution and innovation out of our offices in Sunnyvale, Mexico City and Bangalore working shoulder to shoulder with our Engineering, UX and Product teams. International travel is inherent requirement with this role, at least 25% of the time. You are an influential leader with vision. Your eCommerce acumen, shopper empathy, and technical depth carry weight when working across business units in the organization. What you'll get to do? Drive the product vision and roadmap Build short-term and long-term strategic product plans that consider user needs, business needs and the broader competitive landscape. Product lifecycle management from research to concept working across departments to execute, and support company objectives and KPIs Develop clear and compelling product requirements / user stories for new and existing product initiatives, enhancements, with business justification, revenue potential, and operational impact. Collaborate with Senior Management to translate company objectives into functional goals Monitor product adoption, proactively identifying opportunities and making actionable recommendations to drive product uptake and effectiveness Ensure we ship high quality products, in a timely, focused manner, including product prioritization and planning, execution, quality of design and build, set estimates for release, and hitting them. Own funnel metrics for product launches, active users/members, engagement, and satisfaction. Minimum Qualifications Degree in a technical discipline and MBA preferred. 5+ years of hands-on product management experience; MBA + 3 years of experience. 2+ years of experience leading product management in an eCommerce environment preferred Real hands-on experience working with data warehouses and various analytical tools (e.g., Tableau, Looker, OBI) Experience designing and building a product management process in a growing company, and evolving it over time. Prior experience building and growing eCommerece websites a plus. Spanish - preferred. At the minimum willingness to learn and invest in acquiring working knowledge in Spanish. Additional Preferred Qualifications Company Summary Walmart Labs is the technology arm of Walmart reimagining retail for our 260 million daily shoppers. Our teams of engineers, designers, and product leaders are experimenting for a smarter future-where online and in-store shopping is an interconnected, consistent, and customer-first experience. Walmart Mexico and Central America is uniquely positioned to lead the next gen eCommerce world-wide by relying on its unique footprint in the region across its 2,200 stores in 4 store types to innovate and deliver world-class experience in eCommerce, Retail and Omnichannel shopping. We're building new teams in Mexico City, Sunnyvale California and Bangalore to accelerate our growth and achieve leadership position in the market. We are innovating around various levels of customer propositions with the range of brands with build: from high-end shopping with Superama to Membership-based commerce at Sam's Club all the way to everyday low prices at Walmart (Groceries and General Merchandise) and Bodega Aurrera. Position Summary Our mission is simple: to innovate on retail with new technologies to revolutionize how Walmart approaches digital commerce to deliver with speed and agility. We are looking for a hands-on, results-oriented Sr. Product Management to join our Walmart Mexico Product Management team to lead Data & Analytics in Walmart Mexico and Central America (Walmex). You'll be driving products across various platforms to create world-class omni-channel experience for our customers to save money and time so they can live better. Best of all, you'll be part of the founding members of this newly created team, early enough to hold an influential leadership position where you play a key role in our success in the years ahead.