Business Intelligence Analyst ABOUT NEXT COLLEGE STUDENT ATHLETE (NCSA) NCSA is the world's largest and most successful collegiate athletic recruiting network. A wholly-owned subsidiary of Reigning Champs LLC ( www.reigningchamps.com ), NCSA's 700 teammates leverage exclusive data, proprietary matching algorithms, and personal relationships built over nearly two decades as the industry leader to connect tens of thousands of college- bound student-athletes to more than 35,000 college coaches nationwide across 34 sports every year. You can learn more about NCSA at www.ncsasports.org. Business Intelligence Analyst Job Details NCSA (Next College Student Athlete) transforms the lives of high school athletes and we need an amazing BI Analyst to own and advance our data, reporting and visualization abilities. You will be working across an organization of former athletes, coaches and other people passionate about helping student athletes make the right college choice. Show leaders across all areas of the business what actionable data really is and help them drive out the right insights. We are poised to take a big step in how we use data, both internally and within external products, you can build that practice and lead us to the next level. If you love making data dance and helping the right decision come to light, we are looking for you to evangelize and grow our data practice. What you will be doing: You will build the data practices of our business You will evangelize the power of data and change how decisions are made You will work directly with a talented group of scientists, analysts, engineers and leaders You will be engaged with all levels of a team that is dedicated to empowering athletes and coaches You will uncover the real data needs and create visualizations that bring the right answers to light Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative discipline (Mathematics, Statistics, Economics) 3+ years of experience in Data Visualization and Business Intelligence 2+ years of experience in Tableau (Desktop Certification a plus) Strong proficiency in SQL, Microsoft Excel and statistical analysis tools Solid understanding of relational, NoSQL and columnar databases Experience with a scripting or programming language (R, Ruby, Python, Java, etc.) Preferred Qualifications: Experience with AWS Cloud Services: Redshift, EC2, EMR, RDS, etc. Un-afraid to manage up or sideways A team-player, always looking to make things better and easier for a co-worker Benefits Comprehensive Medical, Dental, & Life Insurance Pre-Tax Flex Spending Account 401(k) Match Up to 3% Parental Leave Wellness Reimbursement Program Online Health Assessments EAP National Collegiate Scouting Association LLC is committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, religion, color, sex, national origin, citizenship status, uniform service member status, age, disability, sexual and gender orientation, genetic information or any other protected status in accordance with all applicable federal, state, and local laws.