Nalco Water, an Ecolab company, is looking for a Production Operator to join our industry leading Nalco Water team. If you are a passionate technical professional that enjoys working in an autonomous, hands-on environment, we invite you to apply. In this position you will be responsible for warehousing, bulk loading and off-loading, and handling the packaging of blended products What’s in it For You: You will join a large growing company offering excellent benefits Opportunity for a long term, advanced career path Access to best in class resources, tools, and technology Thrive in a company that values a culture of safety to include top-notch safety training and personal protection equipment What You Will Do: Perform shift work Package products into various containers Blend different products Load and unload bulk raw materials Complete transactions within a computer-based business operating system (SAP) Operate a lift truck and assist in loading and unloading of warehoused materials Ensure both safety and housekeeping are a top priority Minimum Qualifications: High school diploma or equivalent Must be 18 years of age or older Must be authorized to work in the U.S. Physical Demands: Must be able to physically perform the essential duties of the position which include lifting, stooping, kneeling, crouching, reaching, balancing, walking, standing, talking and hearing Must be able to wear a respirator under certain conditions Must be able to pass a drug screen and physical exam Preferred Qualifications: Possess above-average verbal and written communication skills Prior chemical handling experience Previous warehousing or work experience in an industrial environment About Nalco Water: In a world with increasing water shortage and contamination challenges, Nalco Water, an Ecolab company, helps customers conserve more than 161 billion gallons of water each year. We work with customers across the world in the light industry (institutional, food & beverage, transportation and manufacturing), heavy industry (chemical, power and primary metals industries), paper and mining operations to reduce, reuse, and recycle their water while protecting their systems and equipment. Nalco Water provides the unique opportunity to work with a broad suite of technologies to deliver automated monitoring systems, data analysis and deep technical expertise to increase efficiency, sustainability and performance for our customers. We're about safety. We're about sustainability. We're more than innovative solutions for water, energy and air. We earn customers for life and enhance the lives of our employees while protecting the planet. We’re about Productivity. We use improvement strategies such as TPM (Total Productive Maintenance) and OEE (Overall Equipment Effectiveness) to improve our manufacturing environment.