Job Description Responsible for strategic sourcing of assigned commodity parts. Commodity Buyer in the team of Semiconductor Sensors with focus and lead on an own assigned sub-commodity for ADAS products. Strategic sourcing will consist in: Sub-commodity strategy development and execution for Semiconductor focused on ADAS functionality Global market analysis for Sensors in the area of autonomous driving and deep learning (artificial intelligence) RFQ’s /RFI’s project and Sub-commodity based. Market analysis providing recommendations for cost reductions/alternative sources. Definition of Components/Technologies to be used in new designs/architectures. Preparation and presentation of new sourcing executive recommendations. Contract preparation according to company policies. Selection, evaluation and development of suppliers for the Commodity Semiconductor with a strong focus to Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) projects. Manage the strategic supply base to ensure ZF has an approved bid list to support the needs of the business, and run the sourcing process to select suppliers for ZF’s mission: Vision Zero Preparation of and participation in quarterly reviews and yearly price negotiations. Close support of development teams on Semiconductor Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) applications. Manage supply base to include implementation or renewal of agreements and assisting suppliers in problem solving and tracking corrective actions. Conduct supplier assessments for potential new suppliers. Gathers and analyzes supplier data to prepare analysis and recommendation for supplier selection. Work with suppliers to develop continuous improvement plans and metrics to monitor performance. Develops and executes sourcing strategies and prepares monthly reports to track and show sourcing strategy and progress, including achievement of spend reduction targets. Interface with internal customers on critical supplier issues as necessary. Participate, as needed, on ZF Teams and effectively interact with other Purchasing employees, ZF departments and/or manufacturing plant personnel. This position will require some travel, globally or regionally depending on assigned commodities. Position may also provide advise/guidance to buyers or Senior buyers within the Commodity or Global Purchasing function and/or lead special projects as assigned by senior leadership. Education and Skills Requirements Bachelor Degree required, prefer course of study in supply chain management or other related field relevant to Purchasing. Fluent English language. 3 years work experience performing similar activities with preference for experience to involve working globally. Must be proficient in Microsoft software (Word, Excel, etc.). Must be able to work in team and matrixed work environment and have strong organizational, motivational and communication skills. Candidate must possess a high level of independent judgment, professionalism, integrity and honesty and have record of obtaining goal-oriented results. Prior experience with being involved in negotiations highly desired. Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer M/F/Disability/Veteran