DAZN has recently been launched to give consumers the best live sports streaming service in the world. DAZN allows fans to watch their sport, their way, live or on-demand. It is available on a wide range of connected devices, including Smart TVs, personal computers, tablets, smart-phones and game consoles. DAZN’s immersive playback experience also allows customers to pause and rewind live matches and watch games in full HD. In this role you will provide expertise in a new Analytics team based in London, that will be a center of excellence in building analytics solutions supporting business decisions. Alongside a team of analysts (called Data Consultants), you will deliver insights in a timely manner. Work will consist of a wide range of specialisms supporting functions such as Marketing, Product, Finance, Commercial + Strategy. Importantly, we expect this role to act as a Player/Coach. As a coach you will support fellow team members through supporting learning. And as a player you will also be expected to deliver/develop data products alongside your team. In this role you will be challenged to support a wide array of functions leveraging cutting-edge tools + techniques to leverage DAZN’s data. WHAT WILL YOU DO IN YOUR NEW ROLE Responsible for the implementation of Agile Framework, alongside the Scrum Master, to deliver projects Reviewing business requirements and breaking them down into manageable & deliverable tasks Delivery of accurate / value / timely insights that support business decisions Coaching + Mentoring of UK-based analysts; defining development & career path Work with Data Science team to improve data products available to analysts (API’s, Plug-ins & Core Models); enabling analytics team Manage communication of key learnings to business stakeholders (ie. story-telling) DO YOU HAVE THESE ESSENTIALS? Excellent knowledge of agile ways of working Broad knowledge of analytics across functions preferred (Marketing, Product, Commercial & Research) Proven record of identifying and ingesting new data sources to enhance analysis Ability to perform data mining, blending large datasets from DAZN (and other Perform divisions) to enhance analysis Working knowledge of modelling steps (exploration, feature engineering, supervised & unsupervised learning, model assessment & deployment) Strong communication, influencing and stakeholder management skills Strong delivery capability – able to get things done, and perform under pressure Leadership skills preferred – able to set direction, build capability, and rally people to a cause 1-3 years of experience in data modelling, reporting and / or data management Experience with tools similar to Alteryx, KNIME, Dataiku or SSIS is preferable Confidence with SQL, Python or R, and visualization tools (such as Tableau) A minimum of a 2:1 Bachelor’s degree in a STEM subject DO YOU HAVE THESE DESIRABLES? Previous history working as a functional data analyst (e.g. Finance or Marketing data analyst) A strong interest in Sports, both as a fan and as an industry Ability to prioritize and filter out “noise” from critical issues / long term projects and maintain focus on value and reporting An adaptable / flexible personality will be critical as priorities and business issues will change IF YOU HAVEN’T YET GOT A FEEL FOR THE CULTURE AT DAZN, THEN READ ON… DAZN is a live sports streaming service that allows fans to watch their sport, their way, live or on-demand. With access to the world’s best sports, fans can watch their favorite teams, leagues and players anytime, anywhere, for one simple, affordable price and with no long-term contract. DAZN has over 8,000 live events a year and features the widest array of live sports ever offered on one TV service. DAZN can play, pause and rewind anytime with no commercial interruptions and no long-term commitments. We have a strong team with experts from Netflix, Amazon Video, BBC iPlayer, YouView and Now TV. We’re launching into new global markets every year. DAZN is currently available in Canada, Germany, Austria, Switzerland and Japan on most connected devices including Smart TVs, smartphones, tablets and games consoles. DAZN is a part of Perform, a leading global sports media group. Check out DAZN here, and a fantastic video about us! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dkRZbLzDMi8 BENEFITS You’ll receive up to 15 days of Paid Time OFF (from the start), 9 paid holidays, Affordable Health Benefits (dental and vision included), Generous Sick Time package, Competitive Parental Leave, Short and long term disability paid by the company, Basic term Life Insurance and Personal Accident Insurance paid by the company, 401(k), Flexible work environment. And there’s more…… You’ll have access to the Perform online learning portal ( MindTools ) and be part of our Career Deal, which aims to support your continued professional development. We also have a structured management development program and a financially rewarding Refer a Friend scheme. If you fancy a move abroad ; Perform are currently seeking the best talent in a number of countries around the world! Find out more about what we do at http://media.dazn.com Now that you’ve made the effort to read about this great opportunity – click apply!! Remember to review more fantastic opportunities on our careers page and start your adventure at Perform! APPLY HERE