Where good people build rewarding careers. Think that working in the insurance field can’t be exciting, rewarding and challenging? Think again. You’ll help us reinvent protection and retirement to improve customers’ lives. We’ll help you make an impact with our training and mentoring offerings. Here, you’ll have the opportunity to expand and apply your skills in ways you never thought possible. And you’ll have fun doing it. Join a company of individuals with hopes, plans and passions, all using and developing our talents for good, at work and in life. Job Description Job Family Summary The FLIGHT Test Engineer family is an active and integral participant on software development teams. The FLIGHT Test Engineer supports all test strategy and coordination, planning, creation and execution activities for multiple test types identified as in-scope, champions overall quality efforts, identifies and defines acceptance criteria and test conditions, and creates and executes test scenarios that validate application acceptance criteria. Job Summary The FLIGHT Test Product Architect is a technical leader in the organization. This position could also be referred to as a Software Engineer in Test (SDET). The FLIGHT Test Product Architect provides oversight and guidance across quality control automation throughout the organization and focuses on the creation/execution of automated test scripts on medium to high complexity projects. Also, the individual provides direction and leadership on test strategy, script execution, test automation framework and test environment design, designs and implements test automation architecture and designs, modifies and enhances the test automation framework. Job Description Key Responsibilities  In an agile/scrum environment, may:  Execute practical application of Agile framework components (user stories, scrum, sprints, etc.).  Participate in Scrum, Daily Stand-up, Sprint and iterative development activities – prepared to take on any role within the Agile team  Participate in Sprint planning and release planning  Participate in backlog refinement  Define acceptance criteria when stories are created  For activities related to Test Management, may:  Decompose business requirements to be able to write effective acceptance criteria and automated test scripts for medium to high complexity projects  Provide consultation on the most complex testing strategies  Design, develop, implement and maintain high complexity modifications to test automation architecture and functional, mobile, performance or web services framework  Lead in definition and implementation of direction on automation techniques and adherence to standards  Execute test cases within the Functional, Mobile, Performance or Web Services Automation framework  Create test data and identify environment needs for high complexity projects  Ensure software quality via continuous and iterative testing approach  Understand and provide oversight on the test infrastructure  Create, consult and maintain an environment where a Test Driven Development behavior is fostered  Create and validate automated scripts that support Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery pipeline  Consult and provide direction on test environment issues; act as SME for external environment team communications  Apply Testing Lifecycle Management principles in the context of a product  Possess technical competency to interact with application developers to ensure software quality Job Qualifications Knowledge/Skills/Abilities/Experience  4+ years of manual & automation testing experience of N-tier applications  4+ years of experience with SDLC  2+ years of experience with Agile Scrum  2+ years of software development experience (Java preferred)  4+ years of Test Automation Development experience with open source and market-leading vended solutions creating functional, regression, or performance tests  1+ years of Relational Database Management (Oracle, SQL, MySQL) SQL and Data Validation are essential  Experience with testing Web Services  Strong Analysis, Troubleshooting, and Problem Solving Skills  Understanding of Performance Testing Leverages Agile/Scrum-enabling test execution tools. Experience with the following tools:  Agile Planning tool (e.g. JIRA)  Functional Test Automation (e.g. Selenium WebDriver, UFT)  Mobile Test Automation (e.g. Perfecto Mobile, Appium)  Web Service Testing Tools (e.g. CA LISA, SoapUI, other WS tools)  Relational Database Management (e.g. Oracle, SQL, MySQL)  Defect Management (e.g. HP Quality Center)  Source Code Management Tools (e.g. Git, TFS, RTC)  IDE (e.g. Eclipse, Visual Studio, Xcode, Android Studio)  Continuous Integration tools (e.g. Jenkins, Hudson)  Testing on Cloud using Sauce lab or Perfecto  BDD automation using Cucumber or JBehave Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®. As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary – but that’s just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, you’ll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life - including a generous paid time off policy. Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video. Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position. Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component. For jobs in San Francisco, please click "here" for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. For jobs in Los Angeles, please click "here" for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance. It is the policy of Allstate to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity/gender expression, disability, and citizenship status as a veteran with a disability or veteran of the Vietnam Era.