Department Responsibilities: Mail Operations is the primary starting point for documents being received from our internal and external clients. Mail Operations is responsible for accurately and efficiently indexing all documents within IMPACT for electronic delivery to business units. In addition to indexing documents, Mail Operations also establishes new client id numbers for New Business Plans and Individual(k) Plans, handles and track all incoming hardcopy checks, and partners with various business units on back scanning projects. Fulfillment handles all aspects of daily and ad hoc mailings along with being responsible for ensuring all Service Level Agreements are met for the mailing of participant statements. Fulfillment owns the relationship with some of our key vendors including RR Donnelley, Iron Mountain, and UPS. Position Purpose: The Operations Associate will support the team in providing a high level of service to both internal and external clients. The Operations Associate will provide timely and accurate processing of specified operational activities within the Department, focusing on meeting daily/weekly/monthly SLAs. The role also involves understanding operational workflows as it relates to the both the individual role as well as Operations as a whole. Skills/Competencies: The candidate must be able to demonstrate the skills/competencies as listed below. Communication Skills - Communication is primarily with peers and supervisor on specific assigned tasks. Demonstrates ability to clearly articulate and document action taken or action necessary Technical Knowledge - No to minimal ERISA knowledge or job specific technical knowledge required. Basic understanding of assigned tasks underpinning Operational function Problem Solving- Processes work items per procedural direction. Requires assistance in solving problems that involved non-standard items. Detail Oriented Vs. Big Picture- Generally focuses on details of a specific task related to a process. Focus is entirely task based vs. conceptual. Conflict Resolution - Identifies and escalates conflict so that it can be addressed by senior associates and/or leadership. Training/Mentoring - New associate that requires training in business function Risk Taking/Decision Making - Recognizes instances where a decision is required for an item within their assigned tasks and escalates effectively. Planning/Organizing - Generally plans for current day in order to meet task specific objectives as defined. Generally planning for self only. May require some assistance with department specific task organization. Time Management/Prioritization - Works best with a pre-defined schedule or set of existing priorities. Needs assistance dealing with conflicting priorities. Responsibility to manage own tasks. Work Style - Requires regular direction. Once direction received, is able to effectively complete tasks and report results. Initiative/Work Ethic - Completes daily tasks as assigned within appropriate time frames. Does not seek out regularly additional responsibilities. Works best when able to complete one task before starting another. Job Duties/Responsibilities: Ensure timely and accurate routing of transactions to all internal business groups. Scan daily hard copy mail received into imaging system. (Mail Operations specific) Responsible for all aspects of ad hoc and daily mailings (Fulfillment specific) Collaborate with team members to continuously improve processes and in meeting goals. Provide input to management on client issues and escalate potential risks that could potentially impact either client satisfaction and/or financial liability. Achieve service level goals for all lines of business. Research and resolve comments or client requests as assigned. Provide feedback/solutions to leadership to minimize risk and improve processes. Represent Ascensus in a professional manner through use of professional format and tone in verbal and written correspondence. Meet expectations of the job by attendance and punctuality as indicated in the employee policy handbook. Work in a team environment to ensure the common goals for the team are achieved and provide exceptional customer service to our clients Responsible for protecting, securing, and proper handling of all confidential data held by Ascensus to ensure against unauthorized access, improper transmission, and/or unapproved disclosure of information that could result in harm to Ascensus or our clients. The I-Client philosophy and the Core Values of People Matter, Quality First and Integrity Always® should be visible in your actions on a day to day basis showing your support of our organizational culture. Additional Requirements: Bachelors degree in Business Administration, Management, Finance or equivalent work experience Familiarity MS-Office software applications, including Excel, PowerPoint, Word, & Visio (familiarity with Access preferred) Ability to work overtime as necessary Ascensus is a place to have a career, not just a job. As the largest US independent retirement and college savings services provider, we put our focus on people. Our culture is guided by sound principles, is committed to high standards, operates with transparency, and welcomes diversity. When you join our team, you get to go to work every day knowing that you help over 6 million Americans save for retirement and college. Ascensus is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, creed, national origin, ancestry, religion, age, citizenship, sex, marital or veteran status, disability or handicap, sexual orientation or any other basis prohibited by applicable law. Ascensus also takes affirmative action to employ, and advance in employment, qualified women, minorities, and covered veterans. Ascensus also makes reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities, in accordance with the Americans with Disabilities Act and applicable state laws