The Director of Resource Development develops the National Immigrant Justice Center’s (NIJC) strategic and annual fundraising plans; maximizes contributions from public and private prospects through grant writing, appeals, special events and other campaigns; oversees grants management and ensures grant compliance and gift stewardship; supervises reception staff; and formulates and manages NIJC’s budget. This position collaborates closely with the Executive Director, Leadership Council and senior management. Individual accountabilities and work volume will be established through the development of annual Success Objectives, within the framework outlined below. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Grants & Fundraising Defines resource development strategy in collaboration with the Executive Director to maximize private and public contributions and to diversify NIJC’s donor base. Responsible for developing and maintaining organizational relationships with individual and institutional donors. Oversees grants management process including but not limited to researching donor prospects, writing letters of inquiry and grant proposals, compiling statistics and supplemental information, maintaining records related to project activities and producing progress reports. Ensures compliance with grant requirements and coordinates with project supervisors to meet work plan objectives in a timely manner. Manages database to track grant submissions, progress reports, donors, contributions and prospects; generates reports to inform NIJC’s fundraising strategy. Coordinates NIJC’s participation in the planning and execution of the annual Midwest Light of Human Rights Awards luncheon. Prepares sponsorship and other materials to support Leadership Council solicitations, selects awardees and increases attendance. Prepares year-end giving and other direct mail solicitations; works with support staff to maintain donor records and accurate data entry; and cultivates and maintains relationships with individual donors. Assists in the messaging and development of print and digital promotional materials, website content, and special publications. Budgeting Formulates and manages NIJC’s annual budget in collaboration with the ED and Finance staff, produces grant and contract budgets, approves expenditures and oversees the preparation of receivables reports and donor acknowledgements. Works with finance staff to produce periodic finance reports and determine accurate data record keeping of fundraising efforts. Supervision Prepares performance evaluations for assigned staff inclusive of duties and responsibilities in relation to work quantity and quality. Manages hiring, discipline, promotion, and other relevant employment transactions, within defined parameters. Provides oversight and guidance for the reception staff. Competencies: Project Management \- Develops project plans and realistic action plans based on data-driven analysis; Creates project budgets; Communicates changes and progress to stakeholders; Completes projects on time and budget; Manages project team activities through timetables, metrics reporting, and visual presentation Relationship Management – Communicates purposes, goals, timelines, and strategies clearly; Establishes action plans for constituent interactions; Manages multiple stakeholders with varying agendas with respect Written Communication – Writes clearly and informatively; Edits work for spelling and grammar; Varies writing style to meet needs; Presents numerical data effectively; able to read and interpret written information. Problem Solving – Identifies and resolves problems in a timely manner; Gathers and analyzes information skillfully; Develops alternative solutions; Works well in group problem-solving situations, Uses reason even with dealing with emotional topics. Planning/Organizing – Prioritizes and plans work activities; Uses time efficiently; Plans for additional resources; Sets goals and objectives; Organizes or schedules other people and their tasks; Develops realistic action plans. Adaptability – Adapts to changes in the work environment; Manages competing demands; Changes approach or method to best fit the situation; Abel to deal with frequent change, delays, or unexpected events. Dependability – Follows instructions, responds to management direction; Takes responsibility for own actions; Keeps commitments; Commits to long hours of work when necessary to reach goals; Completes tasks on time or notifies appropriate person with alternative plan. Qualifications: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Education and/or Experience: Bachelor’s degree and 5 years of relevant experience required. Master’s degree preferred. Experience in development, including familiarity with online fundraising and communications tools preferred. Language Skills: Proficiency in Spanish is preferred. Excellent writing and editing skills. Ability to write clearly and concisely. Computer Skills: Proficiency in Microsoft Office, Internet Explorer, Outlook/Exchange; Windows operating systems; and other software routinely used by Heartland Alliance. Other Skills: Experience with access to justice and/or immigration issues is preferred. Physical Demands: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to talk and hear. The employee is regularly required to sit, stand and walk. The employee is regularly required to use hands to key, handle, or feel and reach with hands and arms. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 10 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and ability to adjust focus. Work Environment: The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The noise in the work environment is moderate. _Heartland Alliance makes all hiring and employment decisions without regard to race, creed, color, age, gender, gender identity, marital or parental status, religion, ancestry, national origin, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, sexual identity, immigrant status, political affiliation or belief, ex-offender status (depending on the offense and position to be filled), unfavorable military discharge, membership in an organization whose primary purpose is the protection of civil rights or improvement of living conditions and human relations, height, weight, or HIV infection, in accord with the Organization's AIDS Policy Statement of September, 1987. Individuals with disabilities requiring accommodation should contact the Employee Servi_ _ces Office at (312) 660-1431._