ABOUT SICK: SICK is one of the world’s leading manufacturers of sensors, safety systems and automatic identification products for industrial applications. Whether automating factories or optimizing distribution centers, SICK provides cost- effective solutions. We have been a technology leader for more than 70 years and with more than 50 global subsidiaries, SICK has a presence all over the world. Leveraging a history of innovation, our company has pioneered a long line of industry firsts – such as the first safety light curtain, the first color sensor, and many more. POSITION SUMMARY: With limited supervision, this position supports sales pursue by providing technical expertise in the selection and creation of Profiling& Anti Collision systems to solve customer problems consistent with the SICK 4.0 business model. Successful system selection includes increasing profitability of existing systems and developing new system solutions by combining SICK and third party technologies to create technology differentiation that translates to customer value and sustainable business for SICK. SICK’s Profiling & Anti Collision systems include the followings: Modular sensor based systems for outdoor applications in tolling, dimensioning, fleet management and parking solutions Anti-collision and automated driver assistance systems Outdoor and indoor localization of assets RESPONSIBILITIES: Provide Profiling & Anti Collision applications and systems support to the SICK, Inc. Strategic Industry Teams, distributors, integrators, and customers. Competencies in the following technical areas: 2D/3D machine vision, mobile automation and localization, telematic data collection, data management and analytics. When required, work as part of the pursuit team to provide additional technical support to help drive the opportunity to close. Drive communication and cooperation between global SICK cross-functional teams to bring knowledge centers together to create solutions to customer problems. Prioritization of pre-sale activities based on customer potential and team input. Participate in customer discovery calls with industry team to uncover unmet customer needs. Support the creation of new Profiling& Anti Collision systems for customers using SICK products and third party technologies if required. Provide customer support on pre-engineered systems and new system solutions Provide input into competitive advantage either technology or service Capture recurring customer requirements to recommend market solutions to address unmet customer needs. Work with the Strategic Industry team to define project acceptance criteria, inclusions and exclusions and work closely with CPM-PRE and CPM-Pro on project execution. Define, communicate technical solutions into market and customer oriented products with clear value propositions. Regular attendance and timeliness. Provide post-sale escalated technical support to customers as needed. Carry out other duties and responsibilities as may be assigned or required. QUALIFICATIONS: _Education and Experience_ Bachelor’s degree in engineering preferred OR equivalent experience. Advanced degree a plus. Experience: Requires a minimum of 1 - 3 years of industrial automation experience. Prefer a minimum of 1 - 3 years of experience in 2D/3D machine vision, mobile automation and localization, telematic data collection, data management and analytics. Requires experience in new product development, project management or new product definition with an orientation toward industrial automation. Job Specific Abilities: Ability to manage multiple projects Ability to communicate effectively with internal and external customers Computer Skills: Computer proficiency with Microsoft (Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint) and Internet applications PLC programming skills (Allen Bradley / Siemens) C, C++, C programming skills a plus Machine learning and IT experience a plus Legally permitted to work in the United States Computer monitor more than 4 hours a day Frequent plane and/or car travel CORE COMPETENCIES: Ethics and Integrity Personal Growth and Learning, Customer Focus, Personal Accountable, Building Effective Relationships If you thrive in a fast-paced, team-oriented work environment that offers challenges and the opportunity for growth, we’re the place for you! SICK, Inc. has several locations throughout domestic US and offers competitive wages and an excellent benefits program. Qualified candidates can apply online by clicking the apply online button. Visit us at www.sickusa.com. Affirmative Action (AA)/Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE) M/F/D/V