Mesa,Arizona,United States BEH6P3 The Boeing Company has an exciting opportunity for a Business Intelligence Analyst (Level 3) to join the dynamic team in Mesa, Arizona. The role and responsibilities of a Business Intelligence Analyst (Level 3) include, but are not limited to: Responsible for designing Business Intelligence information models, dashboards, metrics and reports utilizing standard technologies and methodologies that meet business objectives. Combines programming, SQL skills, best practices and business expertise to deliver efficient and scalable Business Intelligence solutions to improve business productivity and business outcomes. Prepares data for Business Intelligence solutions including identification of missing information, quality and lack of quality to the data owners. Performs moderate to complex transformation of metadata for use. Organizes data for analysis appropriate for structured data. Utilizes programming and database queries to implement scalable and efficient query models. Iteratively executes Business Intelligence models and development. Performs analysis to identify and understand an issue or event. Investigates evident issues through drill-down exploration and descriptive statistics. Improves productivity through automation and standardization. Delivers decision support visualizations and reports, dashboards and/or metrics. Boeing is the world's largest aerospace company and leading manufacturer of commercial airplanes and defense, space and security systems. We are engineers and technicians. Skilled scientists and thinkers. Bold innovators and dreamers. Join us, and you can build something better for yourself, for our customers and for the world. Typical Education/Experience: Technical bachelor's degree and typically 5 or more years' related work experience or a Master's degree with typically 3 or more years' or a PhD degree or an equivalent combination of education and experience. A technical degree is defined as any four year degree, or greater, in a mathematic, scientific or information technology field of study. Required Qualifications: This position must meet Export Control compliance requirements, therefore a United States Person as defined by 22 C.F.R. § 120.15 is required. “US Person” includes US Citizen, lawful permanent resident, refugee, or asylee. Minimum of 3 years of experience with data analytics and metric development. Minimum of 3 years of experience with scripting languages such as, ACL, SQL Developer, Oracle, XML, MySQL, Python. Minimum of 3 years of experience with Tableau or similar data analytics tools. Preferred Qualifications: Skill and ability to: collect, organize, synthesize, and analyze data; summarize findings; develop conclusions and recommendations from appropriate data sources at the department level. Ability to build conceptual (business objects), logical (systems), and/or physical (database) models using computer tools. Integrates models across domains and applications and translates models from one level (e.g. conceptual) to another (logical). Ability to build computing systems from a variety of components to provide a business solution, including the ability to integrate application components and databases across computing platforms. Familiarity with supply chain related data and data warehouse technologies. Well-developed problem-solving, organizational, and communications skills (oral, written, and interpersonal), ability to effectively plan, organize, and prioritize tasks according to schedules and goals, and an aptitude for complex, analytical work with attention to detail. Yes, 10 % of the Time Supply Chain and Ops Individual Contributor No No Standard United States; The Boeing Company