Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship- building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users. As an Account Manager, you'll manage relationships with a variety of clients and stakeholders. You'll be self-motivated, able to multi-task in a fast-paced and sometimes ambiguous environment and business growth-focused with the ability to expand client relationships. You'll act as an advisor and consultant, as well as a client advocate within Google. Above all, you'll be responsible for collaborating with your team in order to achieve strategic goals. Our Large Customer Sales teams partner closely with many of the world’s biggest advertisers and agencies to develop digital solutions that build strong businesses and brands. We enjoy a bird’s eye view on the massive transformation occurring as advertising shifts to mobile and online platforms. We're uniquely situated to help shape how companies grow their businesses in the digital age. We advise clients on Google's broad range of products across search, video and mobile to help them connect instantly and seamlessly with their audiences. Responsibilities Manage operations within the Sales team, aligning the workflow among team members in order to execute complex initiatives and to ensure accountability to team goals. Develop data-driven, forward thinking analysis and recommendations that align with client business goals. Quantify high-impact opportunities with clear recommendations to pitch to clients. Take pro-active responsibility for the management of clients. Serve as a liaison with clients regarding new product launches and advertising opportunities, while also ensuring clients are satisfied with the way Google solutions are supporting their business growth. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. 3 years of experience in advertising sales, analytics, marketing, consulting and/or media. 2 years of experience in managing, analyzing and optimizing Google Ads campaigns. Preferred qualifications: 3 years of experience in advertising sales/analysis, marketing, consulting and/or media in the tech industry. Ability to work towards strategic goals in a fast-paced environment. Effective organizational, analytical and influencing skills. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.