Where good people build rewarding careers. Think that working in the insurance field can’t be exciting, rewarding and challenging? Think again. You’ll help us reinvent protection and retirement to improve customers’ lives. We’ll help you make an impact with our training and mentoring offerings. Here, you’ll have the opportunity to expand and apply your skills in ways you never thought possible. And you’ll have fun doing it. Join a company of individuals with hopes, plans and passions, all using and developing our talents for good, at work and in life. Job Description Data Discovery and Decision Science (D3) is the research and analytics organization at Allstate. We are solving some of today’s most complicated analytics problems, making the lives of our Allstate colleagues easier and more productive, and driving our mission to deliver perfect insurance solutions to our customers. We are avid about learning and applying new tools and techniques to get the most value from our massive data resources. The Geospatial Team in D3 is responsible for collaborating with clients in Allstate, enabling them to make objective business decisions by providing analytical insight and ensuring trusted, actionable data. We are experts in geoinformatics, remote sensing, spatial statistics and photogrammetry and we're responsible for model development and analytics that support a variety of projects. Our work spans across several domains, including automotive telematics analysis, focal points in fraud detection, major storm risk analysis and others. As a Geospatial Data Scientist, you will be responsible for developing geospatial analysis solutions independently and in collaboration with other geospatial scientists. This will include assembling and rationalizing geospatial data from a variety of sources, including Allstate databases, State and Federal data sources, and other disparate sources. You will have the ability to create geospatial products to support data analysis and visualization, and conduct analytical tasks independently and under the direction of geospatial scientists and clients. You'll utilize your proficiencies in spatial analysis and data engineering to effectively support geospatial analysis, develop complex analysis solutions, and answer ad hoc mapping and data requests. Responsibilities: Work with team members to analyze data requirements and research and propose source data to meet requirements. Provide complex geospatial vector or raster data extraction and analytical support. Inspect and clean data to provide useful information. Support the needs of modeling and analytics by delivering geospatial data based on client requirements. Utilize an array of data sources, all in different forms and with different tools or methods, to create a solution. Create mapping products, analytical models, and visualizations to support analytics and decision making. Suggest conclusions to the client for decision making. Troubleshoot data quality issues - identifying root cause/system & documentation/communication of resolution. Collaborate with various teams in the testing/profiling of data and validation of newly captured data to ensure accuracy. Create scripts in Python, Java and SQL to automate geospatial tasks. Create deployable geospatial dashboards to allow our clients to interact with the geospatial data. Job Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in a field requiring geospatial analysis, such as Geography, Environmental Science or Geology. 4-5 years of related experience (advanced degree can be substituted for experience). Advanced-level proficiency using ESRI software suite, including ArcGIS extensions. Strong analytic, cartographic, and presentation skills. Strong understanding of geospatial data, including coordinate systems, grids and projections and transformations. Experience in managing and manipulating large, complex datasets. Intermediate Microsoft Office skills. Technical fluency in the development of Python scripts to automate ArcGIS processes. Ability to develop data queries using SQL. Strong written and verbal communication skills including the ability to effectively collaborate with multi-disciplinary groups and all organizational levels Other software/programming languages with key analytic applications (such as Oracle PL/SQL, PostGIS, Python, R) a plus. Knowledge of Big Data tools (Hive, Map/Reduce) a plus. The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation, which includes a drug screen. Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®. As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary – but that’s just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, you’ll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life - including a generous paid time off policy. Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video. Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position. Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component. For jobs in San Francisco, please click "here" for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. For jobs in Los Angeles, please click "here" for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance. It is the policy of Allstate to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity/gender expression, disability, and citizenship status as a veteran with a disability or veteran of the Vietnam Era.