Description Are you looking for unlimited opportunities to develop and succeed? With work that challenges and makes a difference and a flexible and supportive environment, we can help our customers achieve their dreams and aspirations. Business Systems Analyst will play a key role on technical projects acting as a liaison between Business and Information Systems organization. A person in this role will have responsibility for analyzing business processes, data and workflows and providing viable solutions as it pertains to Fund Administration and Investment operations of Mutual Fund industry. The BSA will be responsible for conducting analysis of business process and data requirements, writing functional specifications, and collaborating with business and technical leads, QA and operations team to deliver optimal solutions that meet business needs. Responsibilities Provide support for large business/systems projects, including negotiation and coordination with other departments regarding issues, meeting time and quality targets. Formulate strategies supporting one or more key business functions. Liaise between business and systems areas to investigate and/or develop solutions to complex business/systems issues. Consult with management on business needs, opportunities and operational effectiveness. Conduct feasibility studies, cost/benefit analysis, data and work flow analysis for complex and high risk projects. Provide recommendations and implement mechanisms for improvements. Document data analysis summaries and functional solutions and specifications. Work with development and QA teams on Agile deliveries. Support and conduct acceptance testing. Act as project lead for directing and co-coordinating staff and activities. Assume the role of mentor, teacher and advisor to more junior staff. Identify and resolve complex production problems. Influence and negotiate with others to meet project objectives. Manage and work with vendor on specific activities. Prepare, develop and/or support training materials and user specification requirements. Other duties as assigned. Knowledge & Skills: Thorough knowledge of the clients’ business operations and issues, along with a good understanding of the company’s various businesses. Solid knowledge of a variety of applications within the division. Strong analytical skills with the ability to define, document and resolve complex issues. Thorough knowledge and understanding of a variety of analytical tools. Expert knowledge of the various stages of the analysis process (initial requirements, data mapping, screen design, data flow, etc.). Ability to generate new and unique ideas, approaches and solutions to complex problems and opportunities. Openly question traditional assumptions. Demonstrated strength at evaluating feasibility or practicality of ideas and options, assess risks and trade-offs and, make informed and timely decisions. Demonstrated strength in test case design, prediction of results, and test execution. Solid project management skills with the ability to act as test lead or project lead in larger project teams. Demonstrated use and support of Project Management methodologies, tools, project templates, standards and practices. Strong communication, presentation, negotiation and influencing skills. Strong planning and organization skills. Ability to handle multiple competing tasks with prioritization that may change due to business-driven or project deadlines. Able to keep the big picture in focus while being detailed oriented. Demonstrated initiative and ability to commit to a course of action in the face of risks and uncertainty. Proficient in writing complex MS-SQL queries to quickly analyze and compare data. Ability to use Excel effectively for data analysis. Familiarity with reporting tools like QlikSense is a plus. Experience with Visio is a plus. Good communication skills – both verbal and written are a must. Experience with Agile delivery process is highly desired. Experience Minimum 8+ years of progressive business analysis experience supporting large size projects, preferably in area of Asset Management operations. About John Hancock Financial and Manulife John Hancock is a division of Manulife Financial Corporation, a leading international financial services group that helps people achieve their dreams and aspirations by putting customers’ needs first and providing the right advice and solutions. We operate primarily as John Hancock in the United States, and Manulife elsewhere. We provide financial advice, insurance and wealth and asset management solutions for individuals, groups and institutions. Assets under management and administration by Manulife and its subsidiaries were over $1.04 trillion (US$829.4 billion) as of December 31, 2017. Manulife Financial Corporation trades as MFC on the TSX, NYSE, and PSE, and under 945 on the SEHK. Manulife can be found at manulife.com. One of the largest life insurers in the United States, John Hancock supports approximately 10.7 million Americans with a broad range of financial products, including life insurance, annuities, investments, 401(k) plans, and college savings plans. We also offer advice through Signator, a network of independent financial advisors. Additional information about John Hancock may be found at johnhancock.com. About John Hancock Investments John Hancock has helped individuals and institutions build and protect wealth since 1862. Today, we are one of America’s strongest and most-recognized brands. As a manager of managers, we search the world to find proven portfolio teams with specialized expertise for every fund we offer, then apply vigorous investment oversight to ensure they continue to meet our uncompromising standards. Our unique approach to asset management has led to a diverse set of investments deeply rooted in investor needs, along with strong risk-adjusted returns across asset classes. LI-JHI Agency submissions and contacts are by invitation only and must be initiated by John Hancock's Recruiting Department only. Unsolicited agency submissions will not be honored. JOHN HANCOCK IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER - AA/F/M/D/V Qualifications Category: Information Technology