Position: Student Employee – MIS / Information Technology Location: Palo Alto, CA Job Summary: The purpose of this student position is to provide testing support for business application team, help with creating computer-based training materials for a software system which supports EPRI’s business. Perform business analyst as work as well as assists in project management work and open to learning new technical skills. The candidate needs to: Have demonstrated ability to learn in complex software environments Take what has been learned and help transform it into job aid and training material Be able to independently test, evaluate, and troubleshoot problems with computer documentation and materials Demonstrate ease and flexibility with learning software and project management processes Have or desire to develop an understanding of software testing and training needs within a business environment, to develop technically focused training materials for a multi-faceted audience Be able to perform data analysis Self motivated team player with excellent oral and written communication skills Be able to work a minimum of 20 hours per week Duties & Responsibilities: Learn and test new but not limited to software such as ECM, SharePoint, SAP, CRM, etc., including following, troubleshooting, and updating system test scripts Organize, manage, monitor & troubleshoot in a test environment Assist with troubleshooting issues Design, write and provide clear explanations to end users Edit or write technical support documents Create, manage, publish and share electronic learning aides Required Qualifications: Currently enrolled in an accredited university, pursing a degree in the area of computer science, management information systems, computer education, education and/or business administration Ideal Candidate: The ideal candidate will be a strong problem-solver and quick to learn complex computer systems, including: Have a positive attitude, always committed to success and be a part of a team of business and technical professionals Possess curiosity and attention-to-detail balanced by focus on task-oriented goal completion Willing to learn other solutions as needed Ability to work independently Have worked in business environment – is a plus EPRI participates in E-Verify, an online system operated jointly by the Department of Homeland Security and the Social Security Administration (SSA). EPRI uses the system to check the work status of new hires by comparing information from the employee's I-9 form against SSA and Department of Homeland Security databases. Note: To ensure compliance with U.S. export controls, please indicate your U.S. citizenship or (for foreign citizens) your U.S. visa/immigration status in your resume or cover letter. EPRI is an equal opportunity employer. EEO/AA/M/F/VETS/Disabled Together . . . Shaping the Future of Electricity. _www.epri.com_