headfarmer – Excellent in our field. Headfarmer is a boutique recruiting firm specializing in the permanent and contract placement of the upper echelon of talent in the greater Phoenix area. We offer a unique process of "headfarming" which provides a level of professional support to both candidates and clients that exceeds recruiting industry standards. Headfarmer is looking for a Sr. Full Stack Developer to join a Phoenix based e-commerce client. Job Description: The Sr. Full Stack Developer will be responsible for the build, maintenance, and innovation on our proprietary eCommerce platform. In this role, you will work closely with the retail, content, finance, fulfillment, and customer service teams to develop an exceptional experience for our customers and internal teams. In addition to maintaining the e-commerce platform driving overall revenue for our brands, you will be responsible for front-end applications, API integrations, data structuring, and other projects. What you’ll be doing: UI design and implementation Management of application layer Maintaining availability and performance of e-commerce technologies Ensuring applications are covered by robust automated test Ensuring best security practices are employed across the platform Solr integration for Search and Brows Development and consumption of APIs for Vendor and Third-Party integrations Work in a fast-paced Agile/Scrum environment with two week sprints What we’re looking for: 5+ years of LAMP stack development experience Must have strong experience with PHP, MySQL, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and jQuery High level of proficiency with PHP and its related frameworks such as Laravel Proven expertise in developing creative UI using JavaScript, jQuery, HTML/CSS and modern JS frameworks like Angular2 Eliciting, finalizing, and following through on project specifications Expertise with large databases, caching, and search using tools such as MS SQL, MySQL, Redis, and Solr Experience with distributed and layered applications Exposure to automated testing and deployment cycles Understanding of development in a Linux environment using source control tools including Git and the Atlassian suite If you have the following, we’d be even more excited: Degree in Computer Science or equivalent Experience with eCommerce and PCI Experience with Scrum methodology What we offer to you: A fun, casual work environment with a team that likes to play hard and work hard (we’ve even got a game room right next to your office) Great perks like an on-site gym and product discounts A competitive benefits package complete with medical, dental, and great PTO. An aggressive bonus structure to reward all your hard work. If your resume and qualifications meet this job description, please don’t hesitate to contact Headfarmer and reference job 2372. Someone will be in touch with you soon if we feel there is an appropriate match. Voted a Best Place To Work by the Phoenix Business Journal for 2017… We’re waiting for you on the Farm.