We are looking for a technical lead for the networking performance team at Arm. As a member of the Infrastructure Line of Business, you will act to accelerate the adoption of Arm technology to open up new markets for Arm products. You’ll need to have proven experience on performance analysis and optimizations for Software Defined Network stacks (TCP/IP, DPDK, FD.io, OVS, …). Additionally, you will have a strong background on virtualization (KVM, Xen) and some experience with PCIe protocols. Some knowledge of wireless protocols is also preferred. You also will need some computer architecture knowledge, in addition to being able to think creatively. You would be leading our effort to understand bottlenecks and optimize performance for network workloads on Arm systems. You will be in charge of: Collecting requirements from customers on networking workloads. Collaborating with Arm partners on issues and requests concerning networking. Optimizing networking SW frameworks for Arm systems. Guiding Arm architectures and IP teams to improve networking performance. Influencing benchmark committees and participate to technical forums. What will you be accountable for? Understand and address performance bottlenecks on Software Defined Network (SDN) on Arm servers. Contribute performance improvements and features to open source network stacks. Communicate in technical forums. Deliver presentations in conferences such as Open vSwitch, DPDK summit, …. Job Requirements Requirements: MS/PhD in Computer Science and Engineering. 7+ years network software development, performance analysis and diagnostics experience. Experience with DPDK internals, TCP/IP stack in Linux. Experience of Ethernet is required, familiarity with Infiniband is helpful but not required. Experience in enterprise-class virtualization based on KVM. Familiarity with Xen and VMWare is helpful but not required. Knowledge in CPU architecture, end-to-end software performance. Performance data collection, cleansing and analytics. Knowledge of the Arm ISA is helpful but not required. Interpersonal Skills Capable of working both in teams and independently. High degree of initiative and a proven problem solver. Fluent in English language, both written and spoken. At Arm, we are guided by our core beliefs that reflect our unique culture and guide our decisions, defining how we work together to defy ordinary and shape extraordinary: We not I Take daily responsibility to make the Global Arm community thrive No individual owns the right answer. Brilliance is collective Information is crucial, share it Realise that we win when we collaborate — and that everyone misses out when we don’t Passion for progress Our differences are our strength. Widen and mix up the pool of people you connect with Difficult things can take unexpected directions. Stick with it Make feedback positive and expansive, not negative and narrow The essence of progress is that it can’t stop. Grow with it and own your own progress Be your brilliant self Be quirky not egocentric Recognise the power in saying ‘I don’t know’ Make trust our default position Hold strong opinions lightly LI-SC2