Job Title: Quality Manager Department: Quality Reports To: CEO Job Summary Plans, coordinates and directs the ACTIA Quality Program. As the Quality team leader, you will be expected to direct all quality department associates in regards to the organizations policies and practices. As management Quality representative you will be responsible to maintain the integrity of the QMS, understand and meet customer expectations as well as various statutory and regulatory requirements. Position Qualifications: Training/experience in the following quality techniques, disciplines and standards: ? APQP/PPAP/FMEA ? Corrective Action ? Statistical Process Control (SPC) ? Root Cause Analysis ? Gauge R&R; ? Failure and test data analysis ? Process Capability, Control and Improvement ? Supplier Auditing ? Reliability Assurance ? Internal Auditing ? ISO9001:2008 ? The ability to work as a team leader to accomplish corporate goals and objectives. ? Effective communication skills, both written and verbal. ? Experience working within a design and manufacturing environment. ? Proficient computer skills with Microsoft office suite or similar systems Education/Experience Requirements ? Bachelor?s degree with a minimum of 5 years? experience in quality management or an equivalent combination of education and experience ? Training and experience in TQM, Lean or Six Sigma preferred. ? Experience in electronics device design, Tier 1 & 2 automotive component manufacturing or similar fields is preferred. Responsibilities: ? Meet various performance goals: ¡ Effectively manage the ACTIA quality team ¡ Meet or exceed the performance goals detailed in the ACTIA QMS manual ¡ Meet other performance goals as deemed necessary by ACTIA management ¡ Meet or exceed customer expectations ? Present information and/or respond to inquiries or complaints from customers, suppliers, co-workers or management and properly deploy departmental resources to solve the issue ? Monitor and report as deemed necessary on internal and supplier quality performance. ¡ Champion proactive solutions to ensure acceptable quality performance. ? Follow ACTIA?s quality manual, processes, work instructions and employee handbook. ? Effectively communicate and direct training activities in regards to ISO standard requirements ? Review, analyze and interpret regulatory, scientific and technical documents. ? As necessary effectively communicate information about the ACTIA QMS. ? Investigate technologies, processes and methods for improving efficiencies and increasing product quality and reliability ? Other duties as assigned