Who We Are We’re America’s largest mortgage lender, closing loans in all 50 states. J.D Power ranked Quicken Loans “Highest in Customer Satisfaction in Primary Mortgage Origination” for the past eight consecutive years, 2010 – 2017. The company was also ranked highest in the nation for client satisfaction among mortgage servicers by J.D. Power for four consecutive years, 2014 through 2017, each year the company was eligible. There’s a simple reason we’ve been so successful: We care about the people we work with. If you’re tired of stuffy, bureaucratic workplaces, then you’ll be delighted to find something different here. We strive to make a creative, fun and collaborative environment you simply won’t find anywhere else. Quicken Loans was named 1 in ESSENCE Magazine’s first ever list of “Best Places to Work for African Americans” in 2015. We've been on Computerworld's "Best Places to Work in IT" list for 13 years running, hitting 1 the last five years. We were also ranked 14 in FORTUNE Magazine’s list of "100 Best Companies to Work For" in 2018, remaining in the top-30 for the past 15 years. What You'll Do/Need The Information Security Architect works with various areas of the business to collaborate on strategy, help design secure solutions, and build standards for how those solutions should be implemented and maintained in the future. Additionally, this team member has a keen eye toward the future, understanding where the organization should be headed regarding information security and helping to build the framework to get there. This team member consistently works with the rest of the Information Security team, IT leadership, the Legal team and other parts of the business on projects that will regularly innovate information security within the company. The Information Security Architect is quick on their feet, loves to take risks and constantly challenges assumptions. Responsibilities Help set strategic direction for information security initiatives, processes and standards Research, evaluate and drive next-generation security technologies and concepts to keep security ahead of the curve Build relationships and collaborate with other architects across IT to ensure all visions are aligned Conduct and attend project meetings to provide security and governance input throughout project lifecycles Influence decision-makers in the areas of secure network design, access/authentication controls, IaaS and others Coordinate risk assessments of IT projects and systems Create, refine, deliver and evangelize information security standards to be used throughout the enterprise that balance business needs and external requirements Create end-to-end security solutions involving a mix of technical and organizational requirements Monitor changes in the legislative, regulatory and contractual landscape to ensure that the information security program is always at least one step ahead Mentor more junior information security team members Requirements Five years of experience in security engineering, technology or an architect role within a complex business environment Strong understanding of security tenets, such as encryption/key management, network design, access control and incident containment Knowledge of the intricacies related to NIST, HIPAA, SOX, PCI and state privacy laws Ability to maintain strict confidentiality Excellent written and verbal communication skills, including the ability to interact with team members at all levels within the Family of Companies, from the end user to senior leadership Ability to think analytically and creatively Ability to look at all situations objectively Inherent need to challenge assumptions Ability to work independently with minimum direction in a fast-paced environment as well as collaborate effectively while maintain an “options before obstacles” mindset What’ll Make You Special Experience in other parts of IT as an administrator or engineer in a non-security role Experience with hosted and cloud services, especially SaaS and PaaS, and the related security implications and control approaches Thorough understanding of risk management principles and processes Industry certifications, such as CISSP, CISA, GSEC, etc. Experience in policy/standard creation and acceptance What You'll Get Excellent benefits package that includes a 401(k) match, medical/dental/vision insurance and much more Opportunities to participate in professional and personal development programs, including personal empowerment coaching, leadership training and ongoing personal growth training Other incentives, contests and rewards, including trips, event tickets, cash prizes and more Why We're Different Corporate politics not your strong suit? The anti-corporate culture of Quicken Loans gives our team members the initiative to build solutions together and grow both personally and professionally. At Quicken Loans, we’re in the business of putting roofs over our clients’ heads, but we certainly aren’t putting ceilings on our team members’ careers. If you’re interested in working in a place with a philosophy that’s truly different, apply today. Quicken Loans is an equal opportunity employer. _Disclaimer: Quicken Loans received the highest numerical score in the proprietary J.D. Power 2010 – 2016 Primary Mortgage Origination studies and the 2014 – 2017 Primary Mortgage Servicer studies. 2016 Origination (or Sales) based on 5,182 total responses and measures the opinions of customers who originated a new mortgage or refinanced within the past 12 months, surveyed in July – August 2016. 2017 Servicing based on 7,374 total responses and measures the opinions of homeowners on their mortgage servicing company, surveyed in March – April 2017. Your experiences may vary. Visit JDPower.com._ _Quicken Loans is the 1 online lender based on the ranking of Quicken Loans in comparison to online residential mortgage lenders included in the Inside Mortgage Finance "Top 50 Mortgage Lenders" report from Q2 2017._ _PM16_