Empower every person and organization on the planet to achieve more. That’s what inspires us, drives our work and pushes us to challenge the status quo every day. At Microsoft, we also work to empower our employees, so they can achieve more. We believe we should each find meaning in our work and we ensure employees have the freedom and the reach to help make a difference in the world. Microsoft Research provides a dynamic environment for research careers with a network of world-class research labs led by globally-recognized scientists and engineers. Our researchers and engineers pursue innovation in a range of scientific and technical disciplines, to help solve complex challenges in diverse fields, including computing, healthcare, economics, and the environment. Responsibilities To apply machine learning to an old and readily understood problem in topology: how to recognize when a closed loop of string is unknotted. The intern will generate a competing pair of programs, (1) to find loops that are difficult to unknot, and (2) to produce efficient knotting heuristics. It is hoped that fascinating examples of new loops will emerge as well as efficient unknotting algorithms. This project is viewed as an initial trial case of a broader vision in which Microsoft would collaborate with academic scientists to use machine learning for the solution of presently intractable problems. Qualifications Required Qualifications Must be currently enrolled in a PhD program in Computer Science or a related STEM field. Preferred Qualifications Demonstrated ability to develop original research agendas. Must be able to collaborate effectively with other researchers and product development teams. Excellent interpersonal skills, cross-group and cross-culture collaboration. Ability to think unconventionally to derive creative and innovative solutions. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.