RetailMeNot is looking for a full-time Business Analyst to join us at our headquarters located in the heart of sunny, downtown Austin. Do you have a real passion for solving complex technical problems at scale? Enjoy constantly learning and implementing new technologies? Love telling cool stories from data and getting significant results? Then read on! Our Business Analytics team is built from experts in statistical analysis and data lifecycle. We take pride in our dynamic and fun environment in which we constantly learn from each other to develop our skills. As part of the team, you will uncover insights from rich and powerful big-data. You will work with teams across RMN to develop critical metrics and rich data visualizations, lead analytical projects and provide ad-hoc reporting - all while being mentored by a team of great technical talent. In this role, you will unearth trends and shifts in user behavior with our rich internal data and disseminate these trends within the company and beyond. You will also advocate the RMN brand by delivering new, exciting, and relevant trends to consumers. Who You Are: 2+ years of relevant experience in a data science, business analytics, business intelligence or comparable data engineering role, including data warehousing and business intelligence tools, techniques and technology. Exposure to ad agencies or advertising a plus B.S. in math, statistics, computer science or equivalent technical or analytic field. Experience in data mining structured and unstructured data (SQL, ETL, data warehouse, RDS, RedShift, Oracle, etc.) in a business environment with large-scale, complex data sets. Ability to dive deep on data analysis or technical issues to identify effective solutions. Knowledge of SQL to write complete, optimized queries across large volumes of data. Demonstrated ability to frame complex analytical problems, pull data and extract insights that led to tangible results (revenue, seller launches, new product features, etc.). Enjoy speaking, writing, and presenting, as well as the ability to evangelize your findings. Summarize key insights for technical and non-technical audiences. Experience communicating with senior management (VP-level decision-makers) as well as with colleagues from computer science, machine learning and business backgrounds. What You'll Do: Develop interactive dashboards and reports using relational databases, Tableau and Excel to educate decision-makers at all levels of the business Distill actionable insights from over 1PB of data to uncover new revenue opportunities and drive the product roadmap forward Develop and share new data products for expedited downstream analysis and application Solve complex business problems through building statistical models from data and metadata Participate in strategic and tactical planning discussions, collaborate with business customers, gathering requirements and delivering complete reporting solutions Use data to equip client-facing teams with insights for client conversations Help us find opportunities in both established and greenfield reporting including RMN’s newest key product: advertising Who We Are: We value diverse perspectives and believe this translates into stronger products and a better workplace We have an open, casual, fun and upbeat environment where you are given a lot of responsibility and the freedom to make a huge impact We have lots of intelligent people to work with and learn from We have a great open vacation policy We'll provide you with food, food, and more food We believe in giving prizes, bonuses, and recognition for doing what you love Rewards We offer an opportunity to be an integral part of a company that eagerly pursues disruption in its space to continue to drive innovation and lead the competition. Benefits of being an employee of RetailMeNot, Inc. include, but are not limited to the following: Competitive base & bonus packages; salary negotiable Long Term Incentive Plan Performance based rewards & recognition for your hard work and service Very competitive benefits packages, including best-in-class parental leave Open & flexible PTO Cell phone & gym membership reimbursements Fully stocked break room & onsite catered breakfasts & lunches multiple days/week About Us RetailMeNot, Inc. is a leading digital savings destination connecting consumers with retailers, restaurants and brands, both online and in-store. The company enables consumers across the globe to find hundreds of thousands of digital offers to save money while they shop or dine out. U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Information Individuals seeking employment at RetailMeNot, Inc. are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or sexual orientation. You are being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us align with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.