Compass Airlines is seeking a Technical Operations Trainer to join our team at our Minneapolis, Minnesota – Headquarters location. We are looking for an innovative and technical individual, with exceptional business judgment, as well as the initiative and competence to make a significant contribution to the Compass organization. Job Purpose: The Technical Operations Trainer (TOT) delivers aircraft maintenance and ground operations training programs, and oversees the qualification, testing, and record keeping of training events for internal and external training customers. The TOT develops and conducts initial and recurrent classroom and on-the-job training at the flight line, ramp, and hangar work areas, employing the necessary training aids, tools and data in accordance with the Company training program. The TOT assists the Manager of Technical training with the development and production of training courseware to assure safe, efficient, reliable maintenance, servicing, repair, overhaul, inspection, and ground operations of Compass aircraft that complies with company manuals and Federal Regulations. Job Qualifications: Required: Minimum 5 years regional or mainline aircraft line maintenance experience, including formal and informal training in airframe, electrical, digital / analog avionics, hydraulic, pneumatic, and powerplant systems Excellent verbal communication skills Ability to read, write, and speak fluently in the English language Ability to teach approved procedures and best practices Ability to learn and effectively teach Compass Airlines policies, procedures and processes. Preferred: Valid FAA Airframe & Powerplant license Associate degree or equivalent combination of education and experience Demonstrated system and component level troubleshooting, servicing, repair, dispatch and maintenance documentation / record keeping, use of advanced tools and diagnostic test equipment, aircraft BITE and CMC fault isolation procedures, ground support equipment; preparation of technical reports and forms, use of manuals, and strict adherence to safety policies and procedures. Experience as RII and Materials Receiving Inspector, Run-Taxi Examiner, RVSM, LLM, and Airworthiness Release Authorization preferred. Embraer E170 or E190 flight line maintenance and troubleshooting, or experience with glass cockpit, all-digital fly-by-wire integrated flight and avionics systems preferred. Knowledge of routine aircraft ramp handling and turnaround procedures including fueling, deicing, and below - wing servicing procedures, with emphasis on safety, technical compliance, and efficiency. Instructional / training background, or experience as a line manager, lead technician, or crew chief performing structured on-the-job technical training is desired. Knowledge of Part 121 federal regulations Job Knowledge, Skills, & Abilities: Ability to instruct maintenance technicians and ramp personnel in all aspects of the Compass training curriculum. PC skills desired including familiarity with Microsoft Powerpoint, Word, Excel, and Outlook. Working knowledge of computer-based aircraft maintenance and tracking systems. Able to read, understand, and present technical publications, regulations, policies and procedures and apply them to training material. Demonstrate excellent oral and written communication skills and communicate clearly and concisely to all levels of the organization. Demonstrate creativity in training materials development, putting together information in a way that will engage the audience and keep their interest. Oversee integrity of data entry of training tracking data. Perform other specific duties as assigned by the Manager of Technical Operations Training. Keep abreast of safety, performance, reliability, and durability issues within the Compass fleet and the industry to continually improve and update technical and procedural training content. Job Specifics: May include alternative work schedules, including night and weekend schedules to accommodate training customers. Travel throughout the domestic United States and Canada is required. Instruct using on-line training systems Create courseware using MS Word, MS PowerPoint, MS Excel and using available graphics and multimedia software such as Articulate, Adobe Captivate and Adobe Dream Weaver Administer, grade and record results of written, and practical exams Complete class training records Maintain currency of training information (update training materials in conjunction with Company policy/procedural changes) Accountable for ensuring Company and regulatory policy and procedures are followed. Revise training curriculum and methods as needed to improve effectiveness. Ensure that training content is accurate, complete and up-to-date by consulting the appropriate resources (Company and FAA guidelines and subject matter experts). All applicants must submit to a pre-employment drug screen and background check. Work Environment: Typically working in a mixed classroom setting, ramp, flight line, and maintenance hangar environment. Facilitate training courses in a classroom, workshop and hangar setting. Instruct on training devices (MFTD, FTD) when part of the training program. Physical Demands: There are prolonged periods during which individuals are working seated at a desk with their computer. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential duties and responsibilities. Job Description Disclaimer: This job description reflects management’s assignment of essential functions; it does not prescribe or restrict the tasks that may be assigned. How to Apply: If interested, please click “Apply” to be directed to our online application for this position. All submissions must include salary requirements. Compass Airlines is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate in hiring on the basis of race, religion, color, disabled or veteran status, national origin, gender, age, citizenship status or other protected class status covered by federal, state or local law. All applicants must submit to a pre-employment drug screen and background check.