What you’ll be doing... We are looking for an individual who wants to join a growing team working with big data supporting our key initiatives such as Intelligent Edge. Using creativity for brevity and autonomy within the team and organization to influence and effect the company. Building end-to-end data ingest solutions in a Hadoop Big Data ecosystem. Building applications, assisting users with deciphering data and developing strategies and solutions for data ingest and enhancing/transforming/loading (ETL) processing. What we’re looking for... You’ll need to have: Bachelor’s degree or four or more years of work experience. Six or more years of relevant work experience. Even better if you have: A degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related field. Six or more years of Enterprise Architecture, solutioning or platform management. Advanced skill level in various programming languages and the ability to manage workloads over multiple data nodes. Motivation to work on a team and an openness to collaboration. Understanding to take raw data to usable to big solutions to drive results. Applied knowledge of data and Big Data architecture. Applied knowledge of ETL and ability to develop ETL applications. Strong communications skills and proven ability to communicate with users and partners in a consultative manner. Applied knowledge of Dev Ops Automation methods and practices. Applied knowledge of data administration practices and approaches for data collection and ingest using Open Source tools such as Logstash and Kafka in a Hadoop ecosystem. Advanced applied knowledge coding in various languages including but not limited to SQL, Python and/or Java. Knowledge of Big Data standards and best practices and proven success in applying them. Network domain knowledge. When you join Verizon... You’ll be doing work that matters alongside other talented people, transforming the way people, businesses and things connect with each other. Beyond powering America’s fastest and most reliable network, we’re leading the way in broadband, cloud and security solutions, Internet of Things and innovating in areas such as, video entertainment. Of course, we will offer you great pay and benefits, but we’re about more than that. Verizon is a place where you can craft your own path to greatness. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, find your future at Verizon. Equal Employment Opportunity We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer- and celebrate our employees' differences, regardless of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or Veteran status. Different makes us better.