Our Business Analyst provides operational and consultative support through conducting business operations analysis (how works gets done within a functional group) and reporting and analysis for assigned risk Workers Compensation and Third Party Administered (TPA) business. Performs research, analyzes information, presents findings, and recommends changes and/or takes actions based on various factors (e.g., data insights, regulatory changes, feedback from quality assurance reviews, market information, etc.) to solve problems and improve business outcomes. Works with general direction from manager on more complex tasks. At least 75% of time is spent on a combination of the following responsibilities: Identifies business processes to review. Performs moderately complex research by gathering data from a variety of sources, which may include operational data, metrics, competitor information, and feedback from business partners. Conducts analyses based on operational, economic and/or financial data in order to quantify the competitive performance of business segments, evaluate potential operational changes, and/or design new approaches and methodologies. Analyzes information to identify trends, patterns, gaps and insights using descriptive analytics. May use data visualization tools to further business insights. Builds the business case for making a change to current practices, programs or procedures. Conducts current state assessment, opportunity assessment, cost/benefit analysis, feasibility assessment, etc. Partners with stakeholders on the design, testing, implementation, and evaluation of business process changes to improve business outcomes. Owns implementation and evaluation for changes considered of moderate complexity (e.g., area within a function). Tracks, analyzes and reports on metrics used to determine operational performance, staffing needs, productivity, or other measures deemed valuable to an organization. Owns report development and modification for reports/dashboards considered of moderate complexity. Develops, modifies, and distributes standard and ad hoc reports/dashboards to better understand the overall business and/or unit. Develops presentations and shares findings as well as recommendations. Receives, evaluates and responds to data-related inquiries by applying knowledge of data and business operations and obtaining information from various sources. Qualifications: Displays effective research, problem solving, analytical, critical thinking, influencing, relationship management, and presentation skills. Solid business operations knowledge to include understanding the function’s value chain and market conditions. Ability to support change and impart value within an organization. Solid project management skills as part of implementing business process changes. Strong knowledge of Excel. Knowledge of available data sources, strengths and shortcomings. Solid knowledge of database software preferred. Knowledge of business intelligence tools preferred. Competencies typically acquired through a Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience in addition to 2+ years of relevant experience to include business analysis work. Benefits: We value your hard work, integrity and commitment to positive change. In return for your service, it’s our privilege to offer you benefits and rewards that support your life and well-being. To learn more about our benefit offerings please visit: https://LMI.co/Benefits Overview: At Liberty Mutual, we give motivated, accomplished professionals the opportunity to help us redefine what insurance means; to work for a global leader with a deep sense of humanity and a focus on improving and protecting everyday lives. We create an inspired, collaborative environment, where people can take ownership of their work; push breakthrough ideas; and feel confident that their contributions will be valued and their growth championed. We’re dedicated to doing the right thing for our employees, because we know that their fulfillment and success leads us to great places. Life. Happiness. Innovation. Impact. Advancement. Whatever their pursuit, talented people find their path at Liberty Mutual. Job: Analytics Primary Location: United States-Massachusetts-Boston Schedule: Full-time Salary: $74,800-$93,500 Travel: Yes, 10 % of the Time