Job Description: The Wall Street Journal is seeking an accomplished reporter to cover how advanced technologies in areas like artificial intelligence and semiconductors are reshaping business and fueling a global race for tech dominance. New developments in chips and AI are helping drive broader advances in the tech industry and beyond, and their importance has put them at the center of the broader economic contest between the U.S. and China. This is a job that offers the opportunity to become a leading authority on some of the most consequential tech subjects of our time. The position involves exploring and elucidating all aspects of the subject, requiring someone who can capture with rigor and flare for our readers both the business and the geopolitical dynamics, as well as the technology itself. The beat involves both corporate coverage of companies like Intel and Qualcomm, as well as the thematic issues of both corporate and national pursuit of technological advances. We also expect this reporter to delve into the potential, and hype, around AI. Business reporting experience is a must, as is the ability to quickly grasp complex technical subjects - and penetrate the hype and mystery about them to explain their true utility and value. LI-JA1-WSJ Dow Jones , Making Careers Newsworthy All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status. EEO/AA/M/F/Disabled/Vets . Dow Jones is committed to providing reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities, in our job application and/or interview process. If you need assistance or accommodation in completing your application, due to a disability, please reach out to us at TalentResourceTeam@dowjones.com . Please put “Reasonable Accommodation" in the subject line. Business Area: NEWS/WSJ About Us The Wall Street Journal is a global news organization that provides leading news, information, commentary and analysis. The Wall Street Journal engages readers across print, digital, mobile, social, and video. Building on its heritage as the preeminent source of global business and financial news, the Journal includes coverage of U.S. and world news, politics, arts, culture, lifestyle, sports, and health. It holds 36 Pulitzer Prizes for outstanding journalism. The Wall Street Journal is published by Dow Jones, a division of News Corp (NASDAQ: NWS, NWSA; ASX: NWS, NWSLV). If you require assistance in completing the online application, please contact the Talent Management team for Application Help at TalentResourceTeam@dowjones.com Job _Req_ 13327