Nestlé Health Science (NHSc) is a company on a mission and on the move, motivated by the opportunity to forge a major therapeutic role for nutrition in the management of health and establish a new industry between food and pharmaceuticals. The two elements of the equation are simple; societies are ageing and age and lifestyle related diseases are spiraling. Needs are growing for safe, effective and cost-effective solutions. At the same time, scientific understanding of health, disease and the potential of nutrition – as an integral part of managing health and disease – is growing. Nestlé Health Science, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Nestlé Group, was created in 2011 to be a leader in these developments and make things happen. We have over 3,000 employees around the world with a wide mix of capabilities – from bio-medical engineers to regulatory specialists, medical delegates (sales force) and health economic experts that reflect our dynamism and intent to create. KEY RESPONSIBILITIES Collect data from customers and internal partner teams. Complete data setup and maintenance for variety of Customer Data Management data sets and attributes. Enforce established data governance rules and ensure data quality. Communicate with external and internal business partners. Execute business processes in a timely manner. Work with Analysts and team leadership on ongoing business process improvements. Assist in creation of job aids, workflows, external-facing forms/documents, and other type of knowledge articles. Qualifications EXPERIENCE AND EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS 1-3 years of relevant job experience. 4-year degree. High level of attention of detail. Strong verbal and written communication skills, with a focus on customer service. Proficient in a variety of applications such as Microsoft Outlook, Excel, Word and Power Point. Ability to work well in a diverse team and a cross-functional environment. Self-motivated, works quickly and efficiently on multiple tasks. The Nestlé Companies are equal employment and affirmative action employers and looking for diversity in qualified candidates for employment.