SUMMARY Become a member of a world class organization that is helping create safe system designs in the ever more complex, connected, and autonomous automotive world. We are seeking a dynamic, experienced 3D graphics designer to help drive innovative simulation of autonomous vehicle driving scenarios. This engineering role is on-site at a tier 1 automotive supplier with a focus on Automated Drive Assistance Systems (ADAS). RESPONSIBILITIES Production of 3D contents for driving simulation application – real time simulator and multi-physics simulator Design large scale 3D environment with high level of accuracy to support simulation requirements Design and configure 3D objects to populate environment – static object and dynamics objects Add 3D characters with animation Execution of engineering projects in coordination with a large project team involve into the development of simulations tool chain for testing AD Level 3, 4 and 5. Build 3D textured model of set of highways w/ GPS accuracy & 1-to-1 match w/ real world textures. Use Photoshop, Maya, etc. Present and demonstrate technical solutions Knowledge transfer / training to clients Technical discussions with technology suppliers and with customer experts MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS Bachelor’s degree in Applied Math, Computer Sciences, Physics or Computer Engineering or similar discipline A minimum of 3 years of industrial experience in 3D Demonstrated expertise with 3D graphic tools and 2D/3D texturing tools such as 3DS MAX, MAYA, Unity, or Unreal Expertise in 3D environment modelling based on various inputs like point clouds, GIS data, DTED etc. Demonstrated problem solving skills Ability to work independently, as well as with others in a diverse team environment Demonstrated ability to manage multiple projects and to communicate effectively with customers Demonstrated skills in writing and presenting in fluent English PREFERRED REQUIREMENTS Ability to develop simple programs in Python, Matlab, VBScript etc will be a plus Knowledge of formats such as OSM, Shapefile and KML will be a plus Experience in the use of CAD software is a plus Knowledge and expertise in driving simulation environment like CarMaker, CarSim, or SCANeR a plus Experience working with 3D modeling and texturing tools such as Maya & Photoshop; experience producing graphics for consumer products; experience recreating real-world objects Must have passion and drive for personal technical excellence and high performance Must have customer service aptitude and maintain customer focus Available for travel (up to 20%) ANSYS is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other protected characteristics. ANSYS does not accept unsolicited referrals for vacancies, and any unsolicited referral will become the property of ANSYS. Upon hire, no fee will be owed to the agency, person, or entity.