Overview Berkeley Research Group provides independent advice, data analytics, authoritative studies, expert testimony, investigations, and regulatory and dispute consulting to Fortune 500 corporations, financial institutions, government agencies, major law firms, and regulatory bodies around the world. BRG experts provide sophisticated economic, financial, and analytical advice across a wide range of disciplines, including antitrust and competition policy, complex damages, finance, healthcare, intellectual property, restructuring, valuation, and workforce issues. In addition, the firm assists clients in major industry sectors with compliance, business process improvement, and strategy consulting. The Associate position is an entry-level consulting staff position. This position requires a highly motivated problem solver with strong attention to detail, analytical ability and a desire to advance within the organization. The work of an Associate can be either qualitative or quantitative in nature, and projects range from industry and subject-matter research to data collection to the preparation of econometric, financial, and other forms of analysis and reports. Headquartered in Emeryville, California, BRG currently has over 40 offices across the United States and internationally. This position offers advancement opportunities within a rapidly growing expert services and consulting firm. Responsibilities Develop and maintain electronic databases, spreadsheets, and other files as dictated by project needs. Perform detailed research and analysis, then synthesize the results to facilitate manager/expert review (e.g., gather, review, and summarize literature and data from the public domain, specialized industry resources, or client, public, and commercial databases and create summary tables or reports). Demonstrate creativity and efficient use of relevant software (including statistical programming tools) and analytical methods to develop solutions. Systematically audit own work product and work product of others to ensure quality. Participate in a team environment and work hard to meet client deadlines and quality expectations. Demonstrate strong verbal and written communication skills. Participate in group practice meetings and travel as needed. Qualifications Bachelor’s degree or equivalent, and an undergraduate level understanding of economics, econometrics, finance, accounting, math, statistics or other related subject. One to two years of prior work experience preferred. Proven capability with MS Excel and statistical analysis programs (e.g., SAS, Stata, R) or relational database program(s) (e.g., MS SQL Server, Python, MySQL, Oracle, Teradata). A desire to expand those capabilities is required. Candidate must be able to submit verification of his/her legal right to work in the United States, without company sponsorship. BRG is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified candidates will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status.