ROLE: The Tenant Coordinator will act as an onsite Owner’s Representative, assisting Tenants with the construction of their spaces, and helping to ensure that their work meet’s the Landlord’s criteria. This role requires attention to detail, an understanding of both the design and construction process, knowledge of project management practices, and familiarization with local building codes and safety policies. The Tenant Coordinator is the primary liaison with a Tenant on all matters of design and construction, and is responsible for documenting their daily interaction with Tenants to provide the Landlord with real-time updates on a given project. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS & RESPONSIBILITIES: Lease review, scope review and lease outline drawing (LOD) assistance Tenant space assessment, vacancy assessment, conceptual assessment Site feasibility assessment Engage required stakeholders for comprehensive feedback Reviewing construction documents for adherence to Landlord standards and design criteria Communication with Tenant design team throughout project life cycle Track deadlines and deliverables timelines Oversee construction permitting process Gather pre-construction documentation and support functions Monitor construction progress, reporting, and updates to leadership and stakeholders Manage project logistics with local stakeholders Tracking project milestones and advising on change management issues Interface between Tenant, Tenant Contractor, and Landlord Monitor safety policies and practices on projects Coordinate Landlord systems integration into Tenant project Monitor final inspections and pre-opening activities Collect documentation and archiving project information Required Skills SKILLS & ABILITIES: Dynamic, high energy, take charge leader who is action oriented. A very quick study who works well in high pressure situations. Dedicated individual with ironclad integrity. Demonstrated success in leading and managing a management team including owners, tenants, contractors and sub- contractors. Highly developed interpersonal skills for dealing with sensitive or controversial situations. Able to face situations that are unstructured and require an original approach. Experience with Microsoft Office software, including Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, and Internet Explorer. Expertise with document control and cost management and tracking. Knowledge of corporate and OSHA safety policies and emergency procedures. Excellent oral and written communication skills. Excellent organizational skills. Ability to handle small group presentations/meetings. Demonstrated problem solving skills. Excellent negotiation skills. Excellent time management skills. Required Experience Basic Qualifications Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience 3-5 Years of construction project management experience, as either: owner’s representative, tenant project coordinator, project engineer, and/or project manager Ability to manage multiple projects, each at various stages in the design/construction process Understanding of construction best practices, safety, policy and procedures. Ability to read and interpret construction drawings Proven facilitator with the ability to lead project coordination meetings, drive commitments, accountability, and deliverable Demonstrate critical thinking ability and strategic planning skills Organized, self-starter with the ability to multi-task Comfortable with technology platforms Ability to adjust in a rapidly changing environment Strong written and oral communication skills. Process driven, ability to organize process, create project pathways Team player, ability to build strong relationships with trade partners and other Team members Preferred Qualifications Knowledge of Landlord/Tenant lease/contract structure Experience with Retail and Food & Beverage construction projects