This Software Developer position involves working with the Data Integration Services team. A qualified candidate will need to be a self-starter with experience in Data Integration. Looking for someone with a strong Database management and ETL/ELT background that has experience working with a diverse team. The job requires experience using ELT tools and knowledge of Dimensional Data Models, development in RDBMS - Oracle or SQL Server Familiarity with basic shell scripts. Strong knowledge of database SQLs, Procedural Languages in DBMS like PL/PGSQL. The job requires the ability to create Database objects using ETL tools as well as Data Warehousing and dimensional data models (Star Schemas). The Software Developer will be required to apply database and data modeling knowledge. Ability to work in a fast-paced, agile environment. Excellent knowledge of the integrated development tool Informatica and a strong experience in large scale ELT/ETL projects; Design, develop, test, and implement processes to extract, load, transform, clean and integrate data from source systems into the data warehouse and/or reporting systems. Tasks and responsibilities The Software Developer will be looking at the business and technical requirements, ensuring data standards and integrity are met throughout. The following skills and qualities are required from the Software Developer: Creates Design Specifications and Data Mapping Specifications at the entity and field levels for ETL Database modeling and creating database objects Responsible for the consistency and integrity of the data within the data warehouse Codes and unit tests the ETL processes Works in partnership with key business users, identify potential ways of improving the efficiency and/ or effectiveness of current business operations Develops specified solutions in accordance with approved specifications Adheres to established standards and procedures , including configuration management, coding, testing and documentation standards Ongoing maintenance of systems technical documentation Prepares user documentation, Deployment planning, testing and execution Ensures that business change requirements of project implementation are highlighted to all stakeholders Assists with change management planning and implementation Required skills, abilities, and certifications Minimum 1-3 years’ experience developing in a distributed application environment Minimum 1-3 years’ experience as a ETL developer on major projects Strong knowledge of database SQLs, Procedural Languages in DBMS like PL/PGSQL Must have strong communication skills, both oral and written, including ability to work with all management levels Must have proven ability to manage priorities and timelines Must have high integrity, accountability, a positive attitude, and be willing to do what it takes Recommended skills, abilities, and certifications Familiarity other with other ETL tools, such as Wherescape or BODS is highly desired Experience delivering complex but scalable business driven solutions Experience with database related development in DB2 and/or MS SQL Server Knowledge of software engineering practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations Ability to share technical knowledge and clearly communicate technical concepts Apply: Use the link below to upload all required documents to https://chm.tbe.taleo.net/chm02/ats/careers/requisition.jsp?org=COSTCO &cws=1&rid=2572 Applicants and employees for this position will not be sponsored for work authorization, including, but not limited to H1-B visas. If hired, you will be required to provide proof of authorization to work in the United States. Apart from any religious or disability considerations, open availability is needed to meet the needs of the business.