At Gallagher Bassett Services, Inc. (GB) we are constantly seeking skilled professionals who are up for a challenge and take exceptional performance to heart. The professionals we hire help us maintain our reputation as one of the most progressive property/casualty third party claims service organizations in our industry and throughout the world. Gallagher Bassett provides services to Fortune 1000 companies throughout 100 offices worldwide. For the past several years GB has ranked among the largest TPA's by Business Insurance Magazine and was also a recipient of the Business Insurance Readers' Choice award for "Best Third Party Claims Administrator." If you're looking for a professional career with an industry leader then you have come to the right place. Wherever your interests lie, we're sure you will agree on one thing: our continued prosperity hinges on our greatest resource - our people. Essential Duties & Responsibilities: Supports Manager and more experienced personnel, providing training and technical advice as necessary. Will be responsible for managing specific research and planning projects, making recommendations on policy for structural design and development to build, maintain and leverage the data model, ensuring integration with corporate data standards. Collaborates with customers and stakeholders, understands and translates business use cases and/or requirements and provide data analysis and translate into data models. Additional Considerations: Developing, managing and maintaining data models, including physical and logical models of the data warehouse, data marts and publish for internal consumption. Identifying data sources, developing and maintaining data architectures, construct data catalog and data decomposition diagrams, provide data context/flow diagrams and document the process. Designing, implementing and maintaining database objects (tables, views, indexes, etc.) and database security. Collaborating with the Data Integration and BI Development teams to create optimal data models for data ingestion and Analytics reports/dashboards. Establishes methods and procedures for tracking data quality, completeness, redundancy and improvement. Requirements: Bachelor's degree with 5 years of related experience. Extensive experience in designing and deploying data solutions. Knowledge of dimensional modeling, logical and physical. Strong understanding of SQL tuning, indexes and space management. Solid experience with data modeling tools (Power Designer is considered a plus). Requires strong analytical, conceptual and problem-solving abilities. Desired: Degree preference in computer/information sciences or business/commerce field of study. Experience within the Microsoft stack in a MPP environment is a plus. Insurance and risk management domain knowledge desirable. Work Traits: Strong oral and written communications. Self-starter with strong work ethic. Flexible and resilient, able to handle various demands planned and unplanned. Proven ability to handle multiple tasks and projects simultaneously. Problem solver and desire to close issues, pragmatic and realistic with solutions. U.S. Eligibility Requirements: Interested candidates must submit an application and resume/CV online to be considered. Must be 18 years of age or older. Must be willing to submit to a background investigation; any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background investigation. Must have unrestricted work authorization to work in the United States. For U.S. employment opportunities, Gallagher hires U.S. citizens, permanent residents, asylees, refugees, and temporary residents. Temporary residence does not include those with non-immigrant work authorization (F, J, H or L visas), such as students in practical training status. Exceptions to these requirements will be determined based on shortage of qualified candidates with a particular skill. Gallagher will require proof of work authorization. Must be willing to execute Gallagher's Employee Agreement or Confidentiality/Non-Disclosure Agreement which requires, among other things, post-employment obligations relating to non-solicitation, confidentiality and non-disclosure. Gallagher offers competitive salaries and benefits, including: medical/dental/vision plans, life and accident insurance, 401(K), employee stock purchase plan, educational expense reimbursement, employee assistance program, flexible work hours (availability varies by office and job function) training programs, matching gift program, and more. _Gallagher believes that all persons are entitled to equal employment opportunity and does not discriminate against nor favor any applicant because of race, color, religion, sex, age, veteran status, disability, national origin, or any other legally protected status. Equal employment opportunity will be extended in all aspects of the employer-employee relationship, including, but not limited to, recruitment, hiring, training, promotion, transfer, demotion, compensation, benefits, layoff, and termination. In addition, Gallagher will make reasonable accommodations to known physical or mental limitations of an otherwise qualified applicant with a disability, unless the accommodation would impose an undue hardship on the operation of our business._