Bankrate.com, a division of Red Ventures, is looking for a talented Cloud Engineer to join the team! The ideal candidate will have a deep technical understanding of Linux operating systems, strong experience with Amazon Web Services (AWS), advanced scripting skills, experience with a variety of monitoring solutions, deep understanding of network communications, knowledge of containerization strategies, and have excellent troubleshooting skills. This person will interact with people at all levels and in all departments across a geographically diverse company. Strong communication skills are a must along with having the ability play well with others. This individual will be responsible for promoting a collaborative and communicative culture between Engineering, Operations, and Product by providing automation and instrumentation to improve productivity, reduce risk, and achieve scale. Responsibilities include: Develop, configure and install tools to enhance the software development lifecycle. Manage software releases as needed. Manage our deployment & configuration across production, staging, and dev/test environment servers. Create repeatable, reliable processes for software deployment. Perform ad hoc queries on production data. Ensure test systems properly emulate production systems. Monitor application performance with predefined tools or create new tools as needed. Develop automated monitors for performance and quality. Manage tools for static code analysis and automated testing through continuous integration. Gather metrics for reporting and analysis. Enable continuous improvement of our tools and processes. Participate in on-call rotation and provide hands-on support during emergencies, outages, and service transitions. Researching production problems and finding root causes in order to facilitate repairs by developers. Take ownership of the process and problems and see them through to satisfactory resolutions. Desired skills and experience: Experience managing applications running in a Linux environment. Experience administering software and server deployments in an open source ecosystem. Skilled in AWS development, configuration and deployment including VPC, EC2, S3, Route53, and scalable infrastructure. Experience with Python, PHP, and/or Go. Strong scripting skills (Bash, Python, Powershell, Go) with the ability to develop ad hoc tools. Familiarity with "infrastructure as code" best practices using tools like Ansible, Terraform, Docker, Jenkins, and CloudFormation. Experience working with database systems. Knowledge of DevOps best practices and IT operations in an always-up, always-available environment. Experience with source control management practices and tools, preferably with Git. Experience with agile methodologies and a rapid development cycle. A minimum of four years of experience working with product development and operations teams in a DevOps or a similar capacity. Detailed analytical and diagnostic skills is a must. Network engineering concepts (e.g. - VLANs, Firewalls, Load Balancers, CDNs). Configuration management tools such as Chef, Puppet, Ansible. Continuous integration and build tools like Jenkins, Maven, Grunt, etc. Knowledge of container technologies such as Docker and Kubernetes. Knowledge of monitoring and analytics tools such as DataDog, CloudWatch, and Nagios. About Red Ventures: Red Ventures is a multi-billion-dollar portfolio of digital companies that specializes in bringing consumers and brands together. Through bespoke technology, integrated digital commerce and sales, distinguished partnerships, data science and original content from the company’s proprietary brands and marketplaces, Red Ventures provides better end-to-end consumer experiences throughout the buying cycle. Headquartered in the Charlotte metro area, Red Ventures has more than 3,600 employees globally in offices across the US, UK and Brazil. About Bankrate: Bankrate is a leading publisher, aggregator, and distributor of personal finance content. Bankrate provides consumers with fully researched, comprehensive, independent and objective personal finance editorial content across multiple vertical categories including mortgages, deposits, insurance, credit cards, and other categories, such as retirement, automobile loans, and taxes. For over two decades Bankrate.com has been a leading personal finance destination. Bankrate aggregates rate information from over 4,800 institutions on more than 300 financial products. With coverage for over 600 local markets, Bankrate generates rate tables in all 50 US states. Bankrate develops and provides web services to more than 100 cobranded websites with online partners such as Bloomberg, Comcast, Yahoo! And CNBC.