Identifies and recommends operational improvement opportunities through reporting, process and trend analysis. Develops ad-hoc reports for data analysis to support initiatives. Interacts with Management to recommend next- level operational strategies. DEPARTMENT: Provider Operations REPORTS TO: Supervisor, Business Analysis Essential Functions: Develops ad-hoc reports to conduct data analysis and validation. Researches methodologies and conducts metric reporting. Analyzes trends to recommend process and/or operational improvements. Prepare detail and summary level reports including written interpretation of analytic results. Presents results to management, including data-driven business recommendations and alternatives. Evaluates financial impact of implemented initiatives. Performs other duties as assigned. Candidate Education: Required a High School or GED Preferred a Bachelor's Degree in a related field Candidate Experience: Required 2 years of experience in strong analytics, preferably healthcare Candidate Skills: Intermediate demonstrated written communication skills Intermediate demonstrated interpersonal/verbal communication skills Intermediate ability to analyze and interpret financial data in order to coordinate the preparation of financial records Intermediate ability to work as part of a team Intermediate ability to work independently Intermediate ability to work in a fast paced environment with changing priorities Intermediate demonstrated organizational skills Intermediate ability to remain calm under pressure Intermediate ability to work overtime as required Technical Skills: Required intermediate Microsoft Outlook Required intermediate Microsoft Word Required intermediate Microsoft PowerPoint Required advanced Microsoft Excel Required advanced Microsoft Access Preferred intermediate SQL Server System Preferred intermediate Sidewinder Preferred beginner Statistical Analysis Systems (SAS) Preferred intermediate Unix Operating System Preferred intermediate Other Knowledge of Crystal, Diamond, Cognos Preferred intermediate Other Knowledge of PC environment