We believe that the future of writing is knowing who will respond to anything you write before you even publish it. Textio’s category-defining augmented writing platform is delighting customers, and we’re looking for a Director of Data Acquisition with a strong sense of ownership to join our Seattle team. At their core, Textio’s linguistic data sets are real-world documents paired with their real-world performance outcomes. As Textio’s augmented writing platform extends to more and more kinds of writing, these linguistic data sets are the foundation on which our entire platform and user experience are based. Whether Textio’s platform is being applied to job posts, emails, or any other kind of writing, it all starts with the data. In this role, you will build linguistic data sets from the ground up using whatever techniques are required. You will work with our customers to collect data where appropriate. You will design and run crowdsourcing experiments to build labeled data sets and will take advantage of publicly available data sources where it makes sense. You are scrappy and you see labeled data sets where other people don’t even think to look. Our Director of Data Acquisition knows how to turn these labeled data sets into testable hypotheses. If you can look at a piece of writing and immediately understand which linguistic variables are likely to influence its performance, then you can work with ML and NLP engineers to test your hypotheses against the data sets you have assembled. Finally, you will turn Textio’s models into writing guidance that real people can use. Textio writers are not linguists, statisticians, or data scientists. We can’t assume they are familiar with linguistic concepts. The Director of Data Acquisition will translate predictive models into real writing guidance—and come up with clever ways to automate this process along the way. We’d love to hear from you if: You have a strong background in empirical linguistics, experimental design, and/or user experience You have previously shipped production software that real people have used You have experience building text corpora from the ground up, including use of crowdsourcing platforms to build tagged data sets You are not a theoretical purist, and understand that the best product experiences come from blending approaches in machine learning, NLP, and linguistics You are comfortable working closely with data and infrastructure engineers, but you speak better human than machine You know how to ship a project on schedule, and you have a deep desire to own and lead You’re at ease writing scripts (in R, Python, or similar) and SQL to bring value out of data You are an excellent communicator verbally and in writing—Textio stands for editorial quality, and you do too You’re committed to quality as a top priority—you pay attention to what you make, and take pride in it You have a track record of experimenting, building, and learning new things You have a point of view but are low ego This is a leadership role on our growing Product team. We’re not looking for ninjas or rock stars. We want an awesome and trustworthy Director of Data Acquisition to lead our most critical language experience work from design all the way through implementation. Textio embraces diversity and equal opportunity in a serious way. We are committed to building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. The more inclusive we are, the better our work will be. If there is anything we can do to create a more comfortable interview experience for you, please let us know. Working at Textio is outstanding. Learn more about our philosophy, benefits, and team at https://textio.com/careers/. Reach out and share your story with us!