Req ID: 17762 Shift: Days Employment Status: AF - Active - Regular - Full Time Job Summary The Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia (CHOP) Research Institute is recruiting a new team to build a data and informatics program called “Arcus” that will link clinical and biological data and provide world-class computational tools to solve the most challenging problems in child health. Recognizing the central role of data to the future of pediatric research, CHOP leadership and the Board of Trustees committed to a funding plan, and Arcus was launched in July 2017. The Arcus team integrates with major scientific initiatives in the Research Institute Strategic Plan: Lifespan, Rare Diseases, Novel Devices and Therapeutics, and Precision Health. We seek mission-oriented professionals with interest and expertise in the areas of biomedical science, library science, data education, data science, cloud computing, data privacy, and security. Will define/maintain the content of the Clinical Data Dictionary that will describe the clinical data available in the ARCUS platform in accordance with the master metadata standards defined by the Metadata Librarian. Understands data validation, loading, and structures at an intermediate level. Efficiently manipulates large-scale and complex data sets using a variety of formatting and/or analysis languages such as Perl, Python, and Java. The amount and complexity of the data, especially those associated with genomic experiments, will demand careful attention to details of the underlying data model and may result in large schema changes or mapping. Job Responsibilities Extracts and transforms data from a variety of clinical and supporting non-clinical data sources to populate the ARCUS data warehouse Defines strategy for each domain, given knowledge of underlying schemas, integration requirements for disparate data sources (e.g., ETL) and coding solutions Transforms data models of high complexity into “research-ready” data models also of high complexity by employing code, knowledge of disparate schemas and SQL varieties, and large data set manipulation techniques. Creates reports and provides product to customer along with clear, concise interpretation and caveats. Clearly articulates problems, issues, and potential solutions to clients. Makes oral presentations to colleagues, clients, and administration when requested. Appropriately manages expectations of development time, functionality of resulting modules, and short-term vs. long-term achievements. Stays current with clinical reporting capabilities across the industry, including developments at clinical data systems providers, other hospital and academic research centers, and general user forums. Required Licenses, Certifications, Registrations EPIC - Clarity Certification (90 days) Required Education and Experience Required Education: Bachelor’s Degree Required Experience: 2-5 years of data extraction / manipulation, preferably in a healthcare environment. EPIC Systems – Clarity Certification in one application data model required within 90 days of hire. Preferred Education, Experience & Cert/Lic Preferred Education: Candidates with a degree in the life sciences, but who have pursued a career in informatics is highly desirable. Preferred Experience: 3+ years of programming and database experience with progressively more complex projects in a full-time, salaried industry or equivalent academic position. Experience in healthcare and/or biomedical data management issues. Experience in building databases in REDCap. Additional Technical Requirements Must be able to efficiently translate clinical data modeled within a complex schema into interpretable information for biomedical research activities. Situational awareness concerning data interpretation, quality, and integrity is essential. Must exhibit good oral and written communication skills. Working knowledge of SQL and one or more of the following: Perl, Python, Java, PostgreSQL, R and API programming. Working knowledge of relational database application development, including stored procedures, SQL, data definition language, basic performance tuning and query optimization, and ETL techniques. Information Security Requirements Understand and comply with all enterprise and IS departmental information security policies, procedures and standards. Support the integration of information security in the development, design, and implementation of Hospital Technology Resources that process, transmit, or store CHOP information. Support all compliance activities related to state, federal regulatory requirements, healthcare accreditation standards, and all other applicable regulations that govern the use and disclosure of patient, financial, or other confidential information. All CHOP employees who work in a patient building or who provide patient care are required to receive an annual influenza vaccine unless they are granted a medical or religious exemption. Children's Hospital of Philadelphia is committed to providing a safe and healthy environment for its patients, family members, visitors and employees. In an effort to achieve this goal, employment at Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, other than for positions with regularly scheduled hours in New Jersey, is contingent upon an attestation that the job applicant does not use tobacco products or nicotine in any form and a negative nicotine screen (the latter occurs after a job offer). Children's Hospital of Philadelphia is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, religion, national or ethnic origin, disability or protected veteran status. VEVRAA Federal Contractor/Seeking priority referrals for protected veterans. Please contact our hiring official with any referrals or questions. CHOP Careers Contact Talent Acquisition 2716 South Street, 6th Floor Philadelphia, PA 19146 Phone: 866-820-9288 Email: TalentAcquisition@email.chop.edu