Architect Sr, Consulting \- (18000442) Purpose of the Architect Sr., Consulting Position: Perform necessary leadership, facilitation, analysis and design tasks responsible for direction and architecture that will define frameworks and business solutions in line with vision and strategy. Development of technology solutions on a broad enterprise basis, defining the application landscape and enable technologies that will design component-based solutions supporting business aspirations that achieve the strategic objectives. Essential Duties of the Position: 50% Provides technical leadership across entire product and service life cycle: Provide leadership across entire product and service life cycle to include planning, execution and coordination. Create roadmaps and solution architecture designs. Document creative and technical documents articulation the proposed solution, addressing the strategy, business, user and functional requirement so of propose solutions. Sell the enterprise architecture process, its outcome and ongoing results. Define the principles that guide technology decisions. Design and lead the implementation based on business requirements and strategies, rectify gaps and pain points within the current state. Assist with designing the governance activities associated with ensuring compliance. 50% Planning, Execution and Coordination: Functions as lead Architect; to identify, document, and report significant technical issues or key technical decisions to be made to product, program and oversight leadership. Documents solutions for issues. Defines technical requirements, identifies trends and gaps with existing network/systems related to future technical requirements. Oversee or consult on technical architecture implementation and modification activities particularly for new and/or shared infrastructure solutions. Oversee and facilitate the evaluation and selection of hardware and software technology and product standards, as well as the design of standard configurations. Consult on application or infrastructure development projects to fit systems or infrastructure to the technical architecture, and identify when it is necessary to modify the technical architecture to accommodate project needs. Identify the impact and financial impact, document necessary technical architecture design and analysis work, possibly including project postmortem documentation and metric collection. Implement architectural guidance and governance tools, frameworks and processes. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: Must be technically astute, highly organized and have a proven record for meeting deadlines and providing leadership. Must be technically astute, highly organized and have a proven record for meeting deadlines and providing leadership. Excellent oral and written communication skills, particularly in the ability to communicate with, and understand the needs of, internal clients are essential. Requires strong ability to define issues and opportunities. Requires well-developed knowledge of business processes and network infrastructure systems. Ability to use business knowledge, sound judgment and resourcefulness to adapt existing systems and practices to product environments and select among varied courses of action. Strong analytical and project management skills are required. Demonstrated ability to set priorities, meet deadlines and multi-task in a dynamic rapidly changing environment. Must be able to reconcile divergent demands on multiple parties. Demonstrated ability to possess excellent conflict resolution and influencing skills, have the ability to solve key issues with senior management and the ability to work issues across different corporate units. Technical Skills: Understand enterprise architectural and operational frameworks and apply those frameworks in the design and implementation of solutions. Understand project management principals and be able to interact with project managers to deliver viable projects in a timely fashion. Communication: Create clear and concise written documentation for a variety of audiences. Use a blend of written communication techniques, including detailed documentation, diagramming and slide presentations. Take initiative to initiate communication amongst teams, including remote team members. Initiate and deliver presentations to internal groups on domain topics. Additional Job Requirements: In a technical leadership role; defines and forecast platform architectural requirements functions as lead engineer for platform growth, product and service development and function as consulting engineer working closely with internal teams and external departments/group and works on more complex projects and mentors junior peers in the discipline. Minimum of ten years’ experience in a client/server or service-oriented architecture (SOA) environment, including technical architecture, network design, application development, middleware, servers and storage, database management, and operations. Project Management experience highly valued. High School diploma or equivalent required. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Systems Analysis, Engineering or related field required. Master’s degree in relevant study may contribute for year for year of professional experience. Industry Specific certifications are valued and may contribute toward education: Highly valued: CEA, Certified SOA Architect, CITA, EACOE, Open CA, FEAC Physical Requirements: Ability to perform sedentary work. Visual acuity is necessary to utilize a computer monitor throughout the course of a normal workday. Ability to perform repetitive keyboarding activities and operate general office equipment is required. Must have the ability to communicate orally, both in person and over the telephone. Working Conditions: Work is performed at company Headquarters in a comfortable office environment or from an approved remote work location. Work can be intense and stressful due to time/resource limitations when scheduling multiple tasks with inflexible deadlines. Travel for business and training purposes may be required. Work schedule is typically a 40-hour workweek with additional hours to meet project deadlines. GCI and its subsidiaries operate in a 24/7 environment providing critical services to Alaskans and may need to respond to public health and safety matters __ or other business emergencies. Due to business needs, employees may be contacted outside of the normal business hours to respond to the immediate emergency. As such, you will be requested to provide emergency after hours contact numbers, to include your home and cell phone numbers if you have those services. Driving Requirements (if applicable): Must possess and maintain a valid driver’s license, proof of insurance and satisfactory driving record. Must be able to drive, as occasional use of personal vehicle for transportation between various company facilities within the Anchorage area may be required. GCI is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or another characteristic protected by law. Revised 12/2017 Primary Location US-WA-Tukwila Job Architect Job Type Full-time Job Posting Jul 2, 2018, 4:30:20 PM Recruiter Meredith MacMillan