Roles/Responsibilities ? Metrics and Scorecards preparation for various evaluations, comparisons ? Conducting in depth research on high volume of data to enhance product/operations and document the learnings ? Generate, maintain and analyse daily/ weekly/ monthly/ Quarterly Operational Metrics and Business reviews ? Understand Client products, internal tools and processes; leverage those to push automation and increase work efficiency ? Perform project management tasks as given by the Global Delivery Manager which include at least: ? Creating and maintaining project plans ? Creating and maintaining project communication ? Project governance ? Change tracking Behavioral & Technical Skills ? Strong problem solving ability and result oriented ? Strong analytical skills to quickly identify patterns to apply solutions to varied problem sets ? Expert level of SQL/ PLX and Excel/ Google Sheets functions ? Excellent level of Javascript (or GoogleScript) capabilities and application ? Good knowledge of HTML/ Python ? Quick learner, with strong level of curiosity to go beyond the obvious ? Must be comfortable in managing multiple projects while working under tight deadlines ? Ability to effectively communicate cross-functionally with all levels and having good verbal / written communication skills ? Strong numerical and analytical skills with the ability to summarize and generate business insights that are easily comprehensible to the client management team ? Eager to learn new technology for better data visualization and automation ? Project management and GB Trained , preferred Technical Skills SNo Primary Skill Proficiency Level Rqrd./Dsrd. 1 Accounts Receivable PL1 Required 2 Accounts Payable PL1 Required Proficiency Legends Proficiency Level Generic Reference PL1 The associate has basic awareness and comprehension of the skill and is in the process of acquiring this skill through various channels. PL2 The associate possesses working knowledge of the skill, and can actively and independently apply this skill in engagements and projects. PL3 The associate has comprehensive, in-depth and specialized knowledge of the skill. She / he has extensively demonstrated successful application of the skill in engagements or projects. PL4 The associate can function as a subject matter expert for this skill. The associate is capable of analyzing, evaluating and synthesizing solutions using the skill. Job Location : San Jose, California, United States Employee Status : Full Time Employee Shift : Day Job Travel : No Job Posting : Aug 09 2018 Cognizant US Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran. If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions in the US, please send an email with your request to CareersNA2@cognizant.com About Cognizant Cognizant is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant, a member of the NASDAQ-100, is ranked 195 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us on Twitter: USJobsCognizant. Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.