Description The Legislative Service Center, also known as LEG-TECH (pronounced 'LEDGE- TECK') is the non-partisan technology solutions provider for the Washington State Legislature. We are a team of highly competent technology professionals committed to consistently meeting or exceeding customer and team expectations with innovative products and services. Our team is passionate about technology and aims to provide a world-class IT customer service experience. Whether it takes the form of back-end infrastructure services, hardware and software troubleshooting, application development, supporting our hybrid cloud/on- premise environment, direct front-line customer support, help desk or training, we support a connected Legislature. LEG-TECH is seeking a highly motivated, outcome focused Database Administrator who will work closely with our development and customer support groups to facilitate the timely delivery and support of custom and off-the-shelf software solutions. In addition to fulfilling database administration functions, such as managing SQL High Availability groups and ensuring backup and recovery operations run smoothly, the incumbent to this role will serve as an expert consultant to LEG-TECH developers and our customers for database architecture, development, performance, security, reporting, and other related topics. This work will be conducted over the course of the application development projects and on an ad-hoc, as needed basis during application maintenance and support efforts. LEG-TECH offers competitive salaries, a comprehensive benefits package, flexible work schedules, and colleagues who truly enjoy what they do. To find out more about LEG-TECH please visit our website. Duties Some of the Things You Will Enjoy Doing in this Role: Working hand in hand with our software development team to design, build, and deploy custom software solutions. Providing expert consultation in terms of database design, query design, performance optimization and deployment strategies. Supporting the software development lifecycle by reviewing, optimizing, and deploying database changes from our development environment to test, training and production. Supporting and promoting change management best practices by leveraging tools, techniques and established processes including version control. Supporting our SQL Server infrastructure, which includes high availability groups, replication, backup and recovery, performance tuning, capacity planning, patching, and other recurring maintenance tasks. Researching and implementing solutions to improve system stability and service quality. Providing expert consultation on securing data systems, as applied to the LEG-TECH custom built and off-the-shelf software solutions used by the Legislature. Participating in LEG-TECH project teams where your expertise and skills in data management and development will be used to translate customer requirements into effective solutions. Collaborating with customers and other LEG-TECH staff to identify requirements, establish mutually agreed upon outcomes, and plan for and implement changes to systems. Working to continuously improve our existing systems and processes through documentation, process standardization and leaning, and automation using Microsoft PowerShell. Independently managing your own workload in a fast-paced, business critical environment. Proactively identifying your own support needs and seeking out collaboration to solve potential issues before they impact customers or teammates. Our Ideal Candidate: Has a high level of proficiency in Microsoft SQL Server administration including - installation, configuration, troubleshooting, tuning for performance, and backup/recovery. Has a high level of proficiency in relational database design, Reporting Services and data security principles. Has an understanding of application integration - ORM, stored procedures, ad hoc queries, tec. Has an understanding of the Agile development methodology and is excited to participate in Scrum-driven projects with our software development teams. Has working experience scripting and automating repetitive tasks. Is customer focused. Uses customer expectations to define what success looks like for their systems. Makes clear commitments. Sets goals and strives to achieve them. Challenges the status quo in the interest of adding customer value to all we do. Strives to "get to yes." Displays a strong sense of ownership in the systems they are expert in. Speaks with confidence about those systems, provides plans and solutions, identifies recommendations and impacts, holds themselves and other accountable for the performance of their domain. Is big picture oriented and accountable for system performance and reliability. Proactively creates plans for updates, migrations, root cause analysis, all other activities related to their systems. Sees all problems with the system through to successful resolution. Has a constant desire to hone their craft. Seeks out knowledge through reading, training, conference, and other avenues. Is constantly reviewing the state of their domain, looking for improvements and ways to provide more customer value. Proposes and advocates for creative solutions to meet LEG-TECH goals and increase customer satisfaction. Is a strong communicator, capable of professional written and verbal communications with fellow LEG-TECH staff and our customers. Practices plain talk communication with non-subject matter experts, translating IT speak to plain talk. Collaborative, proactively communicates issues and impacts. Works well with and is respectful of other LEG-TECH staff. Understands their role and skills and proactively uses their knowledge and experience to help others succeed. Is willing to take on new tasks and duties as necessary for the success of the team. Qualifications Required Qualifications: Minimum 3 years of work experience as a Database Administrator, Database Developer, or equivalent role using Microsoft SQL Server. Experience must include project team participation and cross-team support. Desired Qualifications: Minimum 2 years of work experience building and supporting Microsoft SQL Server Reporting Services reports Minimum 2 years of work experience building and supporting Microsoft SQL Server Analysis Service solutions Minimum 1 year of work experience scripting with Microsoft PowerShell Minimum 1 year of work experience building and supporting BI analytics solutions (PowerBI or Tableau) This position may require long hours or weekend work during the legislative session, special session, and/or pre-session preparations. Supplemental Information Interested persons should submit the following: A letter of interest describing applicable qualifications and experience A résumé detailing the name(s) of employer(s), length of employment, position titles and scope of responsibilities Answers to the following questions: Describe your ability to perform in a fast-paced, results-oriented environment. How do you set priorities, use resources, and follow up on commitments? What is the most important aspect or characteristic you would bring to this position? Describe why you believe this is essential to the position. Describe your most challenging professional experience. Explain why and what was done to successfully meet the challenge. Submit applications and paperwork to: Legislative Service Center (LEG-TECH) 106 11th Avenue SW, Suite 2400 Olympia, WA 98501 Attn: Personnel or e-mail to: Personnel@legtech.leg.wa.gov SELECTION PROCESS Screening will begin immediately and this recruitment is open until filled. Initial screening will be based solely on the information provided by the candidate. Interviews will be granted to candidates most closely matching the hiring criteria. LEG-TECH is an equal opportunity employer.