Who we are At General Motors, we embrace the opportunity to think bigger and aim higher. It’s the confidence in knowing our ideas produce exceptional vehicles and mobility solutions that move the world in exciting new ways. With strong leadership and bold vision, we’re directing the future of transportation—and enriching people’s lives along the way. What we do Breakthroughs happen every day here—from advances in vehicle electrification and fuel cell technology to automation and connected car platforms. The knowledge and perspectives of our diverse workforce offer insight into the changing needs of our customers, spark inventive ways to improve our vehicles and elevate our business. And we’re developing more sustainable methods along the way that maximize our planet’s resources and benefit our surrounding communities. As part of GM, GCCX is charged with bringing the digital ecosystem to life in the car. This involved delivering high value services to the customers via connected cars as well as ensuring an exemplary customer experience to earn customers for life for GM’s product and services. Why work with us We combine the passion of a startup with the influence of a global powerhouse. We offer careers that are built on a strong foundation and are motivated by discovery. We encourage you to explore few of the many reasons to unleash your talent with General Motors. GM has led the automobile industry for years with its connected cars, OnStar service, 4G Wifi in virtually every automobile, and most recently its venture into autonomous cars. The prevalence of these data across literally millions of cars translates into massive amounts of data ranging from car performance (tire pressure, gas consumption, radio utilization, etc.) to driver behavior (speeding, sudden stops, location, and the like). Simultaneously, over the past 5 years, Information Technology has created a best-in-class Hadoop environment to house these and other data about the customer including digital behavior, third-party demographics, service and warranty transactions, and many more. To-date, most of this data has gone untapped and the Chairman and CEO believes there is opportunity to create better customer experiences, maximize safety, drive incremental revenue, and monetize the data externally through marketplaces and new products. GCCX is at the center of this opportunity given its focus on the consumer facing OnStar service, connectivity in the car, and the in-vehicle digital life. The Function The Analytics Business Data Analyst will work directly with GCCX business partners to develop data-driven insights to enable strategic and operational decisions making. This analyst will liaise with the GCCX business leaders and IT to identify business opportunities, frame the challenge within an analytical construct, coordinate the alignment of data assets, and design a measurement framework to assess the efficacy of the analytical solution. She/he will also help “operationalize” analytical solutions by working closely with business partners on key business processes necessary to support best-in- class data & analytics across the organization. Finally, she/he will work with business partners adopt self-service analytical tools and ensure they reach a level of comfort and maturity in order to compress the amount of time spent socializing and gaining buy-in. Most analytical programs fail to cross “the last yard,” which is bringing programs to fruition and embedding them in the operations. The Analytics Business Lead will work closely with business operations teams to ensure insights get adopted, plugged into operational systems, and benefits are realized by GCCX. The Role The Analytics Business Data Analyst will have a unique opportunity to be the business facing part of new team that will develop technical strategies and drive value from a big data approach to advanced analytics, machine learning and/or cognitive computing. The successful candidate will support a team that will develop data driven products by synthesizing data from such sources as vehicle telematics, driver behavior, mobile applications, in vehicle applications and external data sources. As such, they must have both strong quantitative and analytical skills, as well as strong business acumen and communications. This individual must be proficient in IT terminology and advances in technology, but simultaneously know the business language and dynamics to address business challenges. They must be able to work efficiently with large data sets to derive insights and answer business questions through a data driven approach. Finally, they must know how to communicate these insights to business partners through compelling data visualizations in a simple and concise manner. Role Responsibilities: Support diverse technical teams to ensure project deliverables fulfill business needs, are on-time, and meet business requirements Contribute to the definition of an overarching big-data-driven approach to advanced analytics strategy Work with cross-functional teams to discover and develop actionable, high-impact data analytics need and data opportunity statements in a variety of core business areas Manage the development of industry leading solutions including: \- Create breakthrough solutions, performing exploratory and targeted data analyses to drive iterative learnings \- Work with business domain, IT and data experts to identify detailed data needs, sources, and structure to support solution development Delivering ad-hoc analysis Demonstrated Skills Leadership and interpersonal skills: Strong business acumen, and the ability to translate “data” to a “business story” and effectively communicate it to business stakeholders and partners. Collaborative team player orientation towards work relationships, strong culture awareness Skilled in project management and oversight skills Skilled in priority setting and alignment of project priorities with business strategy Ability to break down complex problems and projects into manageable goals Ability to influence people across the organization. Ability to act as a change agent. Skilled in communicating the benefits of Data analysis to business line professionals to create a value proposition, including executive level audiences. Effectiveness in building trust, respect and cooperation among teams Experience supporting diverse and creative technical teams in a fast-paced environment Technical Skills: Domain expertise in one of the following: Sales & Marketing, Product Development, Customer Experience or a related field. Hands on experience with two or more tools from: Tableau, PowerBI, SAS, SQL, Python, Alteryx, Hive/Hadoop and/or other data tools; ability to perform ad-hoc analysis Academic/professional experience in one or more of the following fields: physics, engineering, bio-statistics, astrophysics, computational chemistry, cognitive or neurosciences, behavioral economics, econometrics, finance, mathematics, computer science. Familiar with data aggregation and manipulation using large data formats, e.g., SQL on Hadoop; knowledge of data quality, data cleansing, data wrangling, and data standards. Experience: 3-5 years experience translating business needs to data requirements, turning data into compelling stories, and completing the full cycle from data to measurable outcomes. Experience in analytical consulting engagements. Alternatively, experience in companywide analytics at a company known for implementing results (Capital One, Coca-Cola, UPS, USAA, Amazon, major national retailers) or within a top Data Services and Analytics service provider (Fair Issac, Experian, Acxiom Equifax) or agency (e.g. Merkle). Education Bachelor’s degree (Master’s degree preferred) Quantitative undergraduate degree or equivalent work experience