The Management Engineer is responsible for the facilitation of multiple Continuous Improvement (CI) efforts and applies a variety of improvement methodologies (including lean, six sigma, theory of constraints, TQM, human factors design) and group management techniques to support individuals and teams through process improvement initiatives. Works collaboratively with leadership to increase efficiencies, decrease costs, reduce variability, reduce errors/defects, and involve all appropriate personnel. Prepares reports and recommendations for management and coordinates implementation whenever possible. This individual provides needed continuous improvement training and education and works closely with other CI personnel to meet education needs at all levels throughout the institution. May supervise tasks of Student Analysts. As experience increases, may be assigned lead role on 1-2 projects of current project load. Communicates regularly with Management on specific projects. Flexibility, innovation, and creativity are necessary characteristics of the successful candidate. Individual is expected to continuously learn and apply new continuous improvement methodologies, and to spread successful innovation through the institution. EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE REQUIRED: Bachelors Degree is required. A degree in industrial or related engineering, nursing, business administration (with quality/operations improvement emphasis), healthcare administration (with quality/operations improvement emphasis), organizational development, human factors, a science degree in a related field, or similar field is preferred. No experience required. Equivalent industry training and experience preferred. Ability to manage, simultaneous assignments with potentially conflicting priorities and deadlines. Ability to identify when input from Director or other senior staff members are necessary. Ability to be flexible and adaptable while still meeting goals and due dates. Growing strength in influencing and dealing with conflicting priorities and interests. Strong interpersonal skills; ability to communicate effectively with all levels of management and staff across the System. Growing base of analytical/technical, facilitative, and process improvement knowledge. Oral and written communication skills, including the ability to teach technical/ analytical concepts to non-Performance Improvement managers and staff. Knowledge of effective data gathering techniques. Sound decision-making skills. Growing project management skills. Strong diplomacy and collaboration skills. CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSURES REQUIRED: No certification required. Certifications preferred: Lean, Six Sigma, and Project Management. Certification as a Malcolm Baldrige examiner a plus. Overview Henry Ford Health System, one of the largest and most comprehensive integrated U.S. health care systems, is a national leader in clinical care, research and education. The system includes the 1,200-member Henry Ford Medical Group, five hospitals, Health Alliance Plan (a health insurance and wellness company), Henry Ford Physician Network, a 150-site ambulatory network and many other health-related entities throughout southeast Michigan, providing a full continuum of care. In 2015, Henry Ford provided $299 million in uncompensated care. The health system also is a major economic driver in Michigan and employs more than 24,600 employees. Henry Ford is a 2011Malcolm Baldrige National Quality Award recipient. The health system is led by President and CEO Wright Lassiter III. To learn more, visit HenryFord.com. Benefits Whether it's offering a new medical option, helping you make healthier lifestyle choices or making the employee enrollment selection experience easier, it's all about choice. Henry Ford Health System has a new approach for its employee benefits program - My Choice Rewards. My Choice Rewards is a program as diverse as the people it serves. There are dozens of options for all of our employees including compensation, benefits, work/life balance and learning - options that enhance your career and add value to your personal life. As an employee you are provided access to Retirement Programs, an Employee Assistance Program (Henry Ford Enhanced), Tuition Reimbursement, Paid Time Off, Employee Health and Wellness and access to day care services at Bright Horizons Midtown Detroit, and a whole host of other benefits and services. Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer Equal Employment Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer Henry Ford Health System is committed to the hiring, advancement and fair treatment of all individuals without regard to race, color, creed, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability, veteran status, size, height, weight, marital status, family status, gender identity, sexual orientation, and genetic information, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable federal and state laws.