Description Cox Communications is looking for an expert in reporting, analysis, and metrics with a working knowledge of advanced analytical techniques. Typically assigned to larger, highly complex projects requiring independent decision- making. Partners with cross-functional teams and stakeholders on ideas and solutions that impact operational results. In addition to supporting analytics projects, the Regional Analyst IIs will support regional ad hoc reporting as requested, such as “what-if” modeling. Primary Responsibilities and Essential Functions: Strong communication capability, leading resources on multiple projects across the Analytics team through both setting a good example and establishing open channels of dialog Provides and conducts analytic efforts to support business operations, which may include the development of analytical tools and numerical models of complex operations systems and processes Creates executive dashboards and presentations in support of department or business operations Supports Regional ad-hoc requests, diving into Regional variation and isolating drivers of best/worst-in-class performance Identifies, researches, and resolves discrepancies in core reports/dashboards Interprets operational requirements for inclusion in studies and analyses Provides recommendations for operational efficiencies and process improvements and assists in policy development to support change initiatives May write code to automate reports and templates and consolidate data into reports Conducts business impact analyses through all stages: concept formulation, definition of metrics, determination of appropriate statistical methodology, research evaluation, and final research report Facilitates meetings and presentations to Regional leadership Qualifications Minimum: 4 or more years of experience required in related field (i.e. Applied Research, Analytics, etc.) or an advanced degree in a relevant field (i.e. Engineering, Math, Analytics, Computer Science, etc…) Strong data analytic skill and ability to leverage statistical/database software (e.g. SQL/R/Python/etc…) Advanced knowledge of statistics. Expertise in quantitative research methods. Six Sigma Black belt or similar analytical capabilities Technology/Operations Focused Analyses (e.g. Care/Field/Outside Plant/Engineering/IT/Network/Application performance) Strong ability to interpret data and develop actionable data-based recommendations to drive the business. Must be able to translate technical/analytical findings to Executives in a manner that is easily understandable to those less experienced with analytics. Preferred: Experience in analyses related to Communications/Cable BS/BA in related discipline strongly desired (i.e. area with analytic focus such as Statistics, Quantitative Methods, and Mathematical Finance etc.). About Cox Communications Cox Communications is a broadband communications and entertainment company, providing advanced digital video, Internet, telephone and home security and automation services over its own nationwide IP network. Cox Business is a facilities-based provider of voice, video and data solutions for commercial customers, and Cox Media is a full-service provider of national and local cable spot and digital media advertising. Cox is known for its pioneering efforts in broadband, voice and commercial services, industry-leading customer care and its outstanding workplaces. Cox Communications, a wholly owned subsidiary of Cox Enterprises, is available at www.cox.com and www.coxmedia.com. Cox is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer - All qualified applicants/employees will receive consideration for employment without regard to that individual’s age, race, color, religion or creed, national origin or ancestry, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, physical or mental disability, veteran status, genetic information, ethnicity, citizenship, or any other characteristic protected by law. Statement to ALL Third-Party Agencies and Similar Organizations: Cox accepts resumes only from agencies with which we formally engage their services. Please do not forward resumes to our applicant tracking system, Cox employees, Cox hiring manager, or send to any Cox facility. Cox is not responsible for any fees or charges associated with unsolicited resumes. Organization: Cox Communications, Inc. Primary Location: US-AZ-Phoenix-1550 W Deer Valley Rd Other Locations: 1700 Vegas Dr,US,NV,Las Vegas,89106|4120 E Valley Auto Dr,US,AZ,Mesa,85206-4601|13255 W Foxfire Dr,US,AZ,Surprise,85378-7161|7241 E Williams Dr,US,AZ,Scottsdale,85255-4106 Employee Status: Regular Job Level: Individual Contributor Shift: Day Job Travel: No Schedule: Full-time Unposting Date: 2018-08-24