Title: Data Integration Developer Location: Minnetonka, MN Department: Enterprise Software (Integration Team) Trimble Transportation Mobility (TTM) The Transportation Mobility Division of Trimble exists to make the roads safer, greener and better for everyone. Our employees bring this to life through imagination, teamwork and a true passion to disrupt the status quo and drive the future of the industry. By using innovative thinking and technology, we create software solutions that protect fleet drivers and the people out on the road. We share a relentless ambition to find new ways to improve a fleet’s bottom line, while making the world a greener place. Join some of the most brilliant minds in the transportation field, working together, to make a difference for our customers and the communities we serve. Position Overview Exciting opportunity to get in on the ground level of a NEW TEAM at TTM. The Integration Team is a group of technology professionals that build, maintain, monitor, and support the movement and availability of data across the entire enterprise. If you love data then this is the gig for you. The team will be responsible for creating streams of data, processing those streams, establishing data governance, integrating new data sources, making it available via different technologies and providing tooling to support it. You will work with Product and other internal stakeholders to define the streams of data and how they integrate to other parties (internal/external). This is a big leap forward in innovation at TTM and will be of vital importance to the future of the company. You must be prepared to innovate. RESPONSIBILITIES: Able to work in a team or independently Able to clarify requirements and break them down Be an educator and a mentor for junior engineers Possess intellectual humility - Be able to make mistakes and learn from them Stay current with emerging technologies and architectures; establish opinions about them Design and build sophisticated, highly-scalable systems using modern technologies Challenge everything - Push yourself and others by asking how we can be better in all aspects of our work Ensure the team’s work is of high quality throughout the entire software lifecycle and promote continuous improvements across all stages from development to production. Take ownership and lead development of team objectives Collaborate in a culture that promotes passion in technology REQUIRED SKILLS: 4+ year degree in a software related field 3+ years of experience developing scalable full-stack solutions, emphasizing the back-end Demonstrate one or more specific successes from current or past technical challenges Experience with Java/Groovy or other JVM languages Experience with Spring Framework / Spring Boot or Ratpack Experience with SQL databases (Postgres, MySQL, MSSQL) Experience with NoSQL databases (Cassandra, Mongo, Elasticsearch) Experience with message queues and asynchronous systems. Experience with unit testing and tools such as JUnit, Mockito, or Spock PREFERED SKILLS: Experience with Kafka or any of the following: Pulsar, RocketMQ, Kinesis Experience with stream processing Experience with continuous delivery and associated tooling (Ansible, Jenkins, Terraform). Experience with micro service or event driven architectures Experience with Docker, Linux and shell scripting Experience with Avro An understanding of distributed systems and data consistency Experience with any of the following is a plus: REST APIs Cassandra and ElasticSearch Amazon Web Services (AWS) Source control such as Git/GitHub Trimble Inc. is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer and considers qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, gender, age, color, religion, national origin, marital status, disability, sexual orientation, status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws, or any other protected factor. EOE/M/F/V/D