PURPOSE: Responsible for checking data quality and for accurate data entry. Maintains and supports the client reference systems, including the Electronic Health Records (EHR) system. Provides administrative support in maintaining client file folders. ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS: Responsible for the accurate and timely completion of client information: enters client demographic and service data into the client reference system EHR and any other applicable systems; maintains all client records: opens, terminates, and updates client information as appropriate. Verifies client funding and demographic using available on-line systems such as Provider One. Verify and reconcile client information to maintain data integrity in the client reference system: ACRS internal system and any external supporting systems. Collects and organizes program data. Compiles and tabulates statistics from source documents to complete monthly/quarterly reports. Supports the Document Management System: prepping, scanning and indexing of client records; participates in quality assurance work flow. Processes and logs client Release of Information. Available to provide basic support to EHR Provider system: basic training to staff and Help Desk ticket reconciliation. Gathers information from internal program data and outside agency data for special data projects/needs, such as United Way and ACRS annual report. Provides support and assistance to the Manager and other Records Support Specialist I & II, as needed. Attends all agency, program and team meetings, in-service trainings, and supervision. Other job-related duties as assigned by management. PHYSICAL DEMANDS AND WORKING CONDITIONS: Regularly required to walk; use hands and arms to reach and operate objects, tools, or controls. Must occasionally lift up to/or move up to 20 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision and the ability to adjust focus. Some work will be performed offsite (e.g. home visits or external meetings). The noise level in the work environment is moderate.