Job Description: DXC Technology (NYSE: DXC) is the world’s leading independent, end-to-end IT services company, helping clients harness the power of innovation to thrive on change. Created by the merger of CSC and the Enterprise Services business of Hewlett Packard Enterprise, DXC Technology serves nearly 6,000 private and public sector clients across 70 countries. The company’s technology independence, global talent and extensive partner alliance combine to deliver powerful next-generation IT services and solutions. DXC Technology is recognized among the best corporate citizens globally. For more information, visit www.dxc.technology . Works collaboratively with clients and stakeholders - both external and internal to the company - to research and elicit, analyze, validate and document business requirements, and to ensure that those requirements clearly reflect true business needs, correctly representing all stakeholders. Translates business needs into system/ application requirements and project components to help determine solutions to business problems. Assists team members in producing functional requirements for tool development. Proactively identifies and manages changes to requirements and identify risks for the company’s clients. Effectively manages client’s expectations. Applies industry and information technology expertise to support proposals, feasibility studies, implementations and new business development. Responsibilities: Through self-directed activities act as a liaison between client and technical groups, using superior communication skills to elicit, document, analyze and validate requirements. Apply industry-specific expertise to recommend and coordinate the development, enhancement, and maintenance of a client's business systems, processes, and products using high-maturity methods, processes and tools. Combine industry expertise with a thorough understanding of information technology to develop innovative business solutions. Influence the strategic direction of clients. Lead analysis teams on large projects. Lead requirements management and change management processes. Direct development of visualization, and user experience elements of solution design. Develop and maintain internal and external relationships to manage scope, schedule, budgets and expectations. Lead business studies and present study results to the company and client senior management. Coordinate and participate in proposals, feasibility studies, and new business development activities. Leverage industry knowledge and client relationships to assess the business implications of the application of technology to the current and future business environment and to identify new business opportunities. Promote and direct process improvement activities and training of peers and clients. Education and Experience Required: Typically, Bachelor’s degree in a technical or business discipline or equivalent experience and a minimum of 8 years of related experience or a Master's degree and a minimum of 6 years of experience. Recommended: IIBA CBAP& 8482; (or equivalent) certification obtained. Ideally, recognized industry- certification. Knowledge and Skills: 8 or more years of experience, with some financial experience such as P&L and/or financial balance sheets. Essential: requirements elicitation via interviewing and workshop facilitation; requirements. Determination using structured techniques for documentation, analysis, evaluation/ validation. Decomposition of high-level information into details; abstracting low-level information; distinguishing requests vs needs; distinguishing requirements vs. solutions. Classifying prioritizing requirements; OO techniques using UML models; ambiguity analysis, ensuring consistent understanding across users, designers and testers; business process modeling of current state and desired future state processes; defining and managing scope and client expectations, requirements change management and traceability; identifying and mitigating risks; applying creativity/ innovation to solving complex problems; building relationships and working collaboratively; developing and communicating a vision for project/ system; providing thought leadership; mentoring; effective verbal/ written communication; preparing and delivering effective presentations; experience in one or more industry domains. Specialized: Function Point counting; survey design and execution; statistical analysis; developing structured user manuals and training; visualization modeling; business rules modeling; develop and executing acceptance test plans.