3M is seeking an innovative and disciplined Full Stack Developer to join the Software Research Lab in 3M's Corporate Research Systems Lab, located in Maplewood, MN or based remotely. At 3M, you can apply your talent in bold ways that matter. Here, you go. Job Summary : 3M is seeking a Full Stack Developer to join the Corporate Research Systems Lab (CRSL), which collaborates and innovates with all of 3M's businesses and divisions. CRSL is a collaborative environment with cross- functional teams responsible for designing and developing digital technologies from the hardware and electronics, to the algorithms and analytics, and the application software layer. A successful candidate will work side-by-side with scientists and engineers in broad disciplines from electronic, mechanics, software, artificial intelligence and advanced analytics. The ideal candidate is a driven and dedicated engineer with experience in cloud technologies. You are enthusiastic about building tools to help analyze, validate, and collect data from a wide range of inputs. In this role, you will be responsible for helping design, maintain, and expand systems that ingest, manipulate and distribute data from a wide variety of devices, over multiple transport protocols, running on multiple platforms. You will work on a dynamic team that designs and implements cutting-edge software and scalable platform services. Our platform supports artificial intelligence/machine learning, new visualization approaches (AR/VR), and Internet of Things technologies for both existing products as well as research and development of new products. You will be part of an agile team that will help design and build a state of the art and enterprise grade service oriented platform on top of which 3M businesses will rely on. This position provides an opportunity to transition from other private, public, government or military environments to a 3M career. Primary Responsibilities include but are not limited to the following: Deliver high customer value through implementation of highly scalable and agile platform services Synthesize requirements and identify new solution opportunities and options Leverage the latest cloud capabilities (from AWS or Azure) Integration of Software Configuration Management (SCM) using tools like Jenkins, Puppet, or Chef Implement Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery (CI/CD) solutions and help customers automate various stages of their deployments and testing processes Implement infrastructure as code for various cloud platforms, from planned architectures Implement monitoring and logging solutions for different technology stacks or container orchestration platforms Understand containers and how they fit into professional development cycles as build artifacts Highly focused on customer needs and injecting such needs into platform capabilities Work with various source control technologies such as GitHub, Git and VSTS Basic Qualifications: Bachelor's degree or higher in a science or engineering discipline from an accredited university Or High School Diploma/GED or higher and a minimum five (5) years of software development experience Preferred Qualifications: Minimum three (3) years of hands on, software engineering experience in building business critical, scalable systems Curious about customer product challenges and driven by desire to push the product and technology forward Ability to develop, manage, test and deploy new applications and platform services Proficient in Java or another object-oriented programming language Experience with Cloud services such as AI, Visualization and Blockchain Experience with HTML 5, CSS, and JavaScript frameworks (e.g. React or AngularJS) Experience with Spring, MySQL, NoSQL datastore (e.g. Cassandra) Experience creating and using web based REST APIs Comfortable interacting with relational databases Experience with DevOps tooling: Jenkins, Chef, Puppet, GitHub, Git or VSTS Experience with Cloud Computing platforms (e.g. Amazon AWS, Microsoft Azure) and containers (Docker, Kubernetes) Enjoys delivering innovative solutions with minimal guidance; Self-directed, analytical, and work well in a team environment Excellent debugging and problem-solving skills along with strong verbal and written communications skills Successful track record of delivering results in complex cross-functional projects Location: Maplewood, MN or remote Travel: May include up to 10% domestic/international Relocation: Is authorized Must be legally authorized to work in country of employment without sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g., H1B status). This posting is for a Full Stack Developer position at 3M Maplewood. 3M anticipates that multiple openings for this position will occur over time, during the next year. Qualified applicants will be considered as Full Stack Developer openings occur at 3M Maplewood, and 3M will accept applications for up to 1 year from the posting date of this requisition. Applications will be kept open and active until 4/20/2019. After that, the posting will be taken down and applicants will need to apply/re-apply for available open postings at that time. 3M&DICE