Overview Daniels Health is seeking an experienced systems administrator who is looking to take the next step in their career by taking on leadership of a team. The System Administrator Team Lead oversees key functions within the IT department that enable the delivery of high quality services. The role is responsible for a well maintained and secure enterprise computing environment and is a hands- on supervisor of a team in support of these services. You will work collaboratively across all of IT for cohesive service delivery and will also build and maintain productive relationships with key business stakeholders throughout Daniels. RESPONSIBILITIES Provide input to Director for updates and ideas regarding technical strategy. Establish and enforce incident resolution expectations and timeframes. Analyze performance of staff activities and documented resolutions, identify problem areas, and devise and deliver solutions to enhance quality of service and to prevent future problems. Plan and conduct performance appraisals for staff. Collaborate with other departments to identify and/or procure support software and hardware. Conduct research on emerging products, services, protocols, and standards in support of technology procurement and strategic goals. Provide leadership, direction and technical guidance for team members and outside resources for the support of end-users in multiple locations. Ensure that day-to-day operations are well organized and efficient. Plan for sufficient coverage at all times to meet end-user support responsibilities. Maintains service portfolio and catalogue, corresponding support and maintenance procedures. Coordinate and/or perform remote fixes, including installing and upgrading software, installing hardware, implementing file backups, and configuring systems and applications. Track and analyze trends in requests and assess need for any system or process changes based on trends and make recommendations. Management/interaction of management service providers. Train, coach, and mentor staff. QUALIFICATIONS College diploma or university degree in the field of computer science, information sciences, or related field and 3-6 years equivalent work experience. Certifications not required but highly desirable. Exceptional knowledge of server and networking hardware. Deep-seated experience with desktop and server operating systems, including Windows 7 -10 Apple OSX and Windows Server 2008 -2016. Extensive application support experience. Working knowledge of a range of diagnostic utilities and various network & system performance tools. Desire to grow and develop as a leader of a technical support team. Ability to motivate and direct staff members and subordinates. Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment. Experience working in a team-oriented, collaborative environment. Experience working in a team-oriented, collaborative environment. Willingness to conduct research into a wide range of computing issues. Exceptional customer service orientation. Exceptional written and oral communication skills.