Overview Imagine a career where your creative inspiration can fuel BIG innovation. Immerse yourself in our award winning culture while creating breakthrough Retail solutions that simplify the lives of customers worldwide. 7-Eleven is expanding its social, mobile, and digital footprint with a full suite of products and services that are revolutionizing the industry. At the newly formed Digital Center of Excellence team, we are looking to foster innovation by focusing on designing experiences for customer delight and Test & Learn methodologies. The breadth and depth of these customer-driven innovations mean limitless opportunities for you to turn your ingenious ideas into reality at 7-Eleven. Discover what it’s like to be part of a team that rewards taking risks and trying new things. It’s time to love what you do! Responsibilities Looking for individuals with an unmistakable passion for building elegant and intuitive data integration pipelines. Need to be opinioned and passionate about what you do both at a tech level and at a business level. Not afraid to challenge the norm. Qualifications 3-5 years of experience in architecting and building enterprise scale systems is required. Expertise with HDFS-based computing frameworks like Spark, Kafka, Storm OR SIMILAR are required Experience with R, Python, SH/Bash and JVM-based languages including Scala and Java; Hadoop family languages including Pig, Hive; high performance data libraries including Spark, NumPy, TensorFlow or similar with the ability to pick up new languages and technologies quickly Ability to manually and programmatically interact with data stored in traditional (relational) databases as well as No-SQL databases like Cassandra and MogoDB Experience in HDInsights, Azure Data Lake, Azure Data Lake Analytics and Azure Data Factory is required Experience in cloud and distributed systems principles, including load balancing, networks, scaling, in-memory vs. disk, etc.is required. Marketing Technology/CRM functional expertise highly desired but not required Experience dealing with data in a Retail/marketing organization preferred but not required