Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: New York, NY, USA; Kirkland, WA, USA; Sunnyvale, CA, USA The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google’s global network, web-scale data centers and software infrastructure. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help shape the future of businesses of all sizes use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners. As a Migration Architect, you’ll be a technical lead on an accelerated migration project with customers. On-site the majority of the time, you’ll become embedded with Google Cloud customers, working side-by-side with their architects and engineers to design, ratify, and perform system migrations onto Google Cloud. This is a hands-on role and you will be intimately familiar with orchestration technology, CI/CD tooling, network infrastructure, security technology, containers and databases. You’ll propose the plan, demonstrating its components live to customer stakeholders and leadership, working with their engineers and managing the technical delivery. Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life. Responsibilities Lead migrations and customer implementations on Google Cloud. Coordinate with a diverse team of stakeholders and supporting Googlers. Build core migration tooling across all Google Cloud Platform products and relevant third-party software. Establish and drive planning and execution steps towards production deployments. Write/develop deployment templates, orchestration scripting, database replication configurations, CI/CD pipeline assemblies, etc. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience 6 years of relevant experience, such as experience as an operations lead, solutions architect, or technical architect, including material experience with long-term, direct, customer-facing engagement. Experience developing in Java, C++, Python, JavaScript and/or other modern programming languages. Ability to travel up to 70% of the time. Preferred qualifications: Proficiency with UNIX, Windows and Cloud environments. Ability to manage multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced, constantly changing working environment. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.