This position will be responsible for the management of the assigned parts department operations with the objective of exceeding gross margin and net profitability goals. Minimum Job Qualifications Bachelor’s degree or 5 years heavy duty truck industry experience Two-years of sales experience in heavy duty truck industry 2 years’ experience managing other employees Desired Job Qualifications Intermediate to advanced knowledge of Microsoft Excel, Word and Outlook Heavy duty truck aptitude Strong organization and communication skills Strong managerial and leadership ability About Us Western Truck Center operates the largest network of Class 8 and Medium Duty truck dealerships representing both Peterbilt and Volvo/Mack in the Pacific Northwest, with 21 locations in Washington, Oregon, Alaska and Northern California. We are a growth company with the resources to successfully expand our operations and customer base with a high quality team of employees. We offer a very competitive benefits package including medical, dental, vision, long-term disability, life insurance and 401(k), as well as paid vacation and sick leave. Mental Capability Requirements Comprehension Ability to understand opposing points of view on highly complex issues and to negotiate and integrate different viewpoints Organization Ability to organize and prioritize work schedules of others on long-term basis Reasoning and Decision Making Ability to make decisions which have significant impact on the department’s credibility, operations, and services Communication Ability to formulate complex and comprehensive materials such as legal documents, authoritative reports, official publications of major scope and impact, etc., and/or to make formal presentations. Mathematics Ability to compute, analyze, and interpret complex statistical data and/or to develop forecasts and computer models. Physical Demands and Work Environment The physical demands and work environment described are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to use hands to handle, or feel; reach with hands and arms and talk or hear. The employee is frequently required to stand; walk; climb or balance; stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl and taste or smell. The employee is occasionally required to sit. The employee must regularly lift and /or move up to 25 pounds, frequently lift and/or move up to 50 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 100 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and ability to adjust focus. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly exposed to moving mechanical parts and risk of electrical shock. The employee is frequently exposed to wet and/or humid conditions; extreme heat and vibration. The employee is occasionally exposed to high, precarious places; fumes or airborne particles; toxic or caustic chemicals; outside weather conditions. The noise level is normally loud. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer GWP Holdings, LLC is the parent company of two subsidiary companies, Western Peterbilt, LLC and Western Truck Parts and Equipment Company, LLC., collectively, we are “Western Truck Center”. In accordance with applicable law Western Truck Center does not discriminate in hiring or employment on the basis of race, color, religious creed, national origin, sex, ancestry, pregnancy, genetic information, gender identity, sexual orientation or marital status; or on the basis of age against persons whose age is 40 and over, or on the basis of physical or mental disability; or to disabled veterans or to Vietnam veterans, or any other basis prohibited by Federal, State, or Local law. No question on our application form is intended to secure information to be used for such discrimination. Please notify our receptionist if you need any accommodation or assistance with any part of our process by calling 1-800-255-7383 or e-mailing accommodation@westernpeterbilt.com.