TITLE: Investigative Analyst LOCATION: San Francisco, CA DURATION: Full Time TRAVEL: 10-20% The Investigative Analyst [IA] is responsible for compiling investigative and open source intelligence, identifying potential targets, illicitly gained assets, and delivering this information in the form of reports, presentations and or briefings. IA works closely with customer to deliver detailed, timely and actionable, historical, or predictive intelligence. Essential Functions and responsibilities: Use various Government databases to research targets, illicit assets, and other sensitive information, such as political, social and economic trends affecting the operations of transnational criminal organizations. Analyze records, open source material, and social media to identify drug trafficking organizations from unrelated data sets to build comprehensive products for agencies globally Evaluate, analyze, produce, and disseminate intelligence to U.S. Federal Law Enforcement partners and international liaison officers for de-confliction and sharing of evidence and intelligence Methodically examine intercepted information to reveal the meaning by deciphering any codes used in communication Acquire, evaluate, analyze, and assess classified and unclassified intelligence and metadata Process intelligence to determine the relationships between multiple targets, as well as determine the structure of Drug Trafficking Organizations, including the hierarchical role of targets Create investigative lead packets Cross reference current and past intelligence data to establish target patterns and connectivity with on-going investigations Proactively de-conflict to eliminate duplication of target designations during ongoing investigations where targets may utilize multiple devices and names Foster coordination, collaboration, and communication among multi-agency domestic and international partners Prepare and deliver information via formal reports, presentations, and briefings to co-workers and senior level managers Produce strategic/predictive operational and tactical intelligence products Brief appropriate personnel on patterns, trends and leads developed through analysis to further investigations Update and maintain integrity of different databases Provides reports to Site Supervisor as necessary Minimum Qualifications: High School Graduate; B.A. or B.S. preferred. Capacity to effectively use the most current version of Microsoft products Ability to work well under pressure Able to obtain and maintain a security clearance in accordance with the Program requirements Excellent writing, verbal, and communication skills Demonstrated ability to work and operate with government provided systems. Demonstrates excellent verbal and written skills in both formal communications [such as intelligence reports] and informal communications [emails] Ability to find, retrieve, collate, process and conduct first level analysis of information Capacity to prioritize, meet stringent deadlines, balance multiple tasks and work in a fast paced and fluid team environment. Must possess a track record of successfully working in a team environment. Committed to providing outstanding customer service and represent MVM in a Professional manner. Active DOD Secret Clearance _Applicants selected will be subject to a Government background investigation and must meet eligibility and suitability requirements:_ _U.S. Citizenship_ _Favorable credit check_ _Resided in the US at least three (3) of the past five (5) years_ MVM offers a competitive benefits package, and fosters a highly skilled, energized and empowered workforce. Due to the high volume of applications received, the Recruiting Department will contact you directly should you be selected to advance in our recruitment process.