Job Code 359057 Admin Dept/Program Admin Duties & Responsibilities As a member of the Business Intelligence team for External Relations (ER), the Business Intelligence (BI) Analyst creates and maintains an inventory of reports and dashboards that monitor operations and increase the effectiveness and efficiency of fundraising, prospect management, and alumni engagement activities. Working with the Associate Director of External Relations Business Intelligence, this position delivers near real-time fundraising reports, produces management dashboards and enables analysis of prospect assignments, solicitations, and individual performance. You will work closely with clients and IT teams to turn data into critical information and knowledge that can be used to make sound business decisions. You will provide data that is accurate, congruent and reliable, and ensure the information is easily available to users for direct consumption or integration with other systems. Specific responsibilities include: Report Development Develops reports designed to support alumni relations, development, and alumni marketing and communications efforts, including adhoc analyses and special requests. Develops and evaluates alumni data using business intelligence tools, management information systems utilized for reporting (Advance, Enterprise database) Examines and evaluates purpose and content of alumni reports to develop new, or improve existing format, use, and control. Reviews reports to determine basic characteristics, format, frequency, distribution and purpose or function of report. Collaborates with staff originating, handling, processing, or receiving reports to identify problems and to gather suggestions for improvements. Recommends establishment of new or modified reporting methods and procedures to improve report content, accuracy and completeness of information. Data and Knowledge Management Facilitates discussion between business side end-users and technical resources to ensure complete understanding of project needs and use cases to ensure successful product releases. Ensures that challenges, problems or potential problems with data or systems are communicated quickly and clearly to other team members. Educate staff in the use of reports, teaching them how to prepare reports and properly utilize report data. Gathers, prepares required documentation of requirements, specifications, business processes and recommendations. Basic Qualifications BA/BS in computer science, mathematics, statistics, business related major such as economics, finance, or accounting. 5+ years experience including 2 years in creating BI dashboards (or equivalent) and writing SQL queries. Additional Qualifications Strong analytical skills. Experience with creating visual modeling of data Experience transforming data sets into measurements of performance and quality Experience with Oracle Business Intelligence preferred. Familiarity with a customer relationship management system (i.e. Advance, Salesforce, Raiser’s Edge.) Experience with report development, including requirements gathering, design, testing, training, and implementation. Advanced Excel skills Additional Information Cover Letter is Required. Follow us on Twitter - @HBSJobs Harvard Business School is unable to offer visa sponsorship for this opportunity. Explore HBS Work Culture at http://www.hbs.edu/employment/ and learn about other Employment Opportunities. Job Function General Administration Sub-Unit \- Location USA - MA - Boston Department External Relations Time Status Full-time Union 00 - Non Union, Exempt or Temporary Salary Grade 057 Pre-Employment Screening Education, Identity EEO Statement We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, gender identity, sexual orientation, pregnancy and pregnancy-related conditions, or any other characteristic protected by law.