Front-End BI Developer Redmond, WA We are looking for very strong business intelligence development skills to assist in continuing and accelerating our growth. The BI Developer is responsible for delivering client value and ensuring high client satisfaction. The BI Developer is expected to be adept at recognizing, subscribing, and applying best practices, methodology, tools, and techniques to meet client requirements, timelines, and budgets. We are currently actively recruiting for BI Developers who have experience with the Microsoft SQL Stack, and Power BI for multiple engagements. Responsibilities: Developing KPIs track performance and proposing and implementing visualizations. Also Evaluation of existing reports and recommendation for any improvement. Dashboard creation using SQL and Power BI. Qualifications: 3+ years of experience working with Power BI with SQL queries and accessing data 2+ years of consulting experience, preferably at a "Big 4" or similar firm Demonstrated expertise in business analysis and data modeling Ability to proficiently come up to business requirements/model and gain good understanding of business metrics Proficient with MS Project, MS Excel, MS Word Excellent organizational, presentation, analytical, written and verbal communication Understanding and experience with the Software Development Life Cycle Ability to be flexible and juggle multiple projects in a fast paced environment Demonstrated ability to identify business and technical impacts of user requirements and incorporate them into project plan Ability to work under pressure and to independently handle multiple projects and deadlines An undergraduate degree in technology or business Effective at communicating technical issues to non-technical users Experience writing BRD’s, functional specifications, and use cases _About Logic20/20. . ._ Logic20/20 is one of Seattle’s fastest growing full-service consulting firms. Our core competency is creating simplicity and efficiency in complex solutions. Although we make it look like magic, we succeed by combining methodical and structured approaches with our substantial experience to design elegant solutions for even the most intricate challenges. Our rapid growth is in response to our ability to deliver consistently for our clients, which is directly related to the quality of the people we hire. The past two years, we’ve been in the top 10 “Best Companies to Work For” ….. why? Our team members are highly self-motivated, comfortable conceiving strategies on the fly, and enjoy working both individually and as part of a team. Our environment is very high-energy and demanding, and individuals with remarkable enthusiasm and a can-do attitude are joining our team. We have lots of fun, focus on our employees and our clients, and work to bring our best to every opportunity.