Job Description: A rare opportunity to leverage your vision, energy and acumen to shape business decisions and analytics with senior leaders in the fast-paced, growing wireless industry. Your experience, leadership, and ambition will help transform an analytics team servicing the intelligence needs of a multi-billion dollar strategic organization. You will be a key player in designing, developing, implementing, and maintaining software solutions using SQL Server. Responsibilities: Assesses business requirements, develops functional specifications, and develops data related solutions. Develops standard and custom reports using SQL Server Reporting Services. Reviews query performance and optimizing code when necessary. Writes and maintains stored procedures, functions, or queries meant to assist the organization in accessing and analyzing business data. Develops and implements ETL functions and processes for incoming and outgoing data transfer. Documents workflow, enhancements, and QA processes. Designs and codes database tables to store the application’s data. Also responsible for other Duties/Projects as assigned by business management as needed. Qualifications: 4-6 years of experience in developing SQL databases, In-depth understanding of data management (e.g. permissions, recovery, security and monitoring). Bachelors Degree in Computer Science. Minimum Qualifications: • At least 18 years of age.• Legally authorized to work in the United States.• High School Diploma or GED.• Pre-employment background screen. Company Profile: As America’s Un-carrier, T-Mobile US, Inc. (NASDAQ: “TMUS”) is redefining the way consumers and businesses buy wireless services through leading product and service innovation. The company’s advanced nationwide 4G and 4G LTE network delivers outstanding wireless experiences for customers who are unwilling to compromise on quality and value. Based in Bellevue, Washington, T-Mobile US provides services through its subsidiaries and operates its flagship brands, T-Mobile and MetroPCS. For more information, please visit http://www.t-mobile.com EOE Statement: We Take Equal Opportunity Seriously - By Choice T-Mobile USA, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All decisions concerning the employment relationship will be made without regard to age, race, ethnicity, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, marital status, citizenship status, veteran status, the presence of any physical or mental disability, or any other status or characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law. Discrimination or harassment based upon any of these factors is wholly inconsistent with our Company values and will not be tolerated. Furthermore, such discrimination or harassment may violate federal, state, or local law.