Job Summary Under minimal supervision, provides legal secretarial assistance to assigned legal and/or compliance staff. Prepares, processes, and types legal documents such as contracts, briefs, summonses, complaints and motions. Enters, updates and retrieves information using multiple systems and databases. Collects, organizes and prepares files and materials for attorneys and compliance staff for use in court appearances or for transacting other legal business. Schedules appointments and maintains calendars. Acts as a liaison between attorneys, courts, witnesses, other agencies and the public. DISTINGUISHING CHARACTERISTICS: This is the first in a series of two legal secretarial-related job classifications within the Administrative Support job family. This classification is distinguished from the Legal Secretary Senior in that incumbents typically have less experience and do not function as lead Legal Secretaries or work directly for a Division Director. Sensitivity to detail and confidentiality. Duties and Responsibilities Drafts, under attorney supervision, various legal documents, including pleadings, motions, judgments, dispositions, subpoenas and correspondence for use in legal proceedings. Records messages of adjudication and disposition of cases, real estate and business transactions, child support payments or the status of contract and opinion preparations. Examines all files and paperwork for accuracy and completeness. Logs all file enhancements with updated status. Creates and updates case lists. Organizes case lists by attorney or investigator. Creates, organizes and prepares case files. Notifies personnel of case assignments and case closures. Acts as liaison between attorneys, courts, witnesses, victims, other agencies departments and the general public. Responds to inquiries from defense attorneys, victims, witnesses, others agencies and the general public regarding the status of cases, child support payments, or the status of contract and opinion preparations. Works closely with other government agencies and law enforcement agencies to facilitate the apprehension of defendants, docketing and prosecution of cases. Provides continuous updates to referring agencies, attorneys and the public concerning case status and disposition. Coordinates witness and attorney travel and lodging arrangements. Orchestrates travel to and from court for time-sensitive trial and grand jury appearances. Contacts criminal justice agencies and other sources to obtain information needed for prosecution of cases. Organizes, maintains and retrieves case files for assigned court or unit. Enters, updates and retrieves information using multiple systems and databases. Uses the computer to process, retrieve, and disseminate information and documents, including word processing functions for letters, memoranda and legal documents. Types legal documents and correspondence. Types, certifies and sends legal documents regarding a summary of action taken in court or wage garnishments. Transcribes interview tapes and maintains spreadsheets for case investigations and statistics. Screens walk-ins and telephone callers or complainants and refers to appropriate officer, managers, or locations. Proofreads legal documents (orders) prepared by staff. Assists attorneys in court and helps maintain court dockets and calendars. Schedules appointments, maintains calendars and reminder systems, and sorts and distributes incoming mail. Assists in budget preparation. Compiles and types statistical reports, and keeps monthly statistics on cases. Performs notary public services. Performs as backup for other clerical staff. Maintains court docket and court calendar. Troubleshoots office equipment, printers, computers, fax machines and copiers and schedules needed maintenance. Coordinates meetings and takes minutes. May serve as backup receptionist. May assist in training staff, processing payroll and various personnel actions. Performs other job-related duties as assigned. Minimum Requirements Education and Experience: Associate's degree in Legal Secretarial Science, Paralegal Studies, Criminal Justice, Public Administration, Business Administration or a directly related field AND two (2) years of advanced secretarial experience, including one (1) year as a Legal Secretary; OR, Any combination of education and experience that has been achieved and is equivalent to the stated education and experience and required knowledge, skills, and abilities sufficient to successfully perform the duties and responsibilities of this job. Licenses, Registrations, Certifications, or Special Requirements: None required. Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities: Knowledge of: Policies, practices, procedures and legal terminology related to court system. Legal terminology, principles, procedures, documents and forms. File management and modern office practices. Word processing and other software programs. Business letter writing, grammar and punctuation, and report preparation. May be required to develop knowledge of and adhere to federal and state laws requiring the confidential handling of certain health information. Skill in: Organizing, updating and filing legal case files. Working with attorneys and other legal personnel in a high volume environment. Preparing legal correspondence. Operating a variety of modern office equipment, including a computer. Both verbal and written communication. Ability to: Work independently on difficult or complex clerical tasks. Prepare, verify, correct and record legal documents and complicated legal instruments. Maintain confidential data and information. Establish and maintain effective working relationships with County employees and officials, attorneys, court personnel, law enforcement agencies, representatives of outside agencies, and the general public. Work Environment & Other Information Physical requirements include the ability to lift/carry up to 20-50 pounds occasionally, visual acuity, speech and hearing, hand and eye coordination and manual dexterity necessary to operate a computer and office equipment. Subject to sitting, client/customer contact, standing, walking, vision to monitor, listening to recording, repetitive motion, stooping/kneeling, squatting, bending, and reaching to perform the essential functions. This job description is intended to be generic in nature. It is not necessarily an exhaustive list of all duties and responsibilities. The essential duties, functions and responsibilities and overtime eligibility may vary based on the specific tasks assigned to the position. Work Hours: 8:00 AM to 5:00 PM; Monday through Friday Department: County Attorney Location: 314 W. 11th St., Austin Criminal, Driving and Employment Background Check Required.