2 nd Shift, Nights/Weekends M/T/W 3:00pm-12:00am Sat/Sunday 4:00am – 12:30pm Philadelphia, PA The Elliott-Lewis Corporation is currently seeking two highly motivated and detail orientated Jr. System Administrators to work at our contract located at the Philadelphia International Airport. The ideal candidates will be able to work second shift and weekend hours. Duties Include: Analyze, troubleshoot, and repair/replace computer hardware and computer peripheral hardware. Install, document, maintain, and upgrade software, firmware, and drivers. Administer, maintain, troubleshoot, and resolve technical issues for PCs, laptops, tablets, mobile devices, printers, cellular, audio/visual and presentation equipment. Provide tier 2 & 3 support for user equipment. Troubleshooting and problem resolution for hardware, software and peripheral equipment. Troubleshooting and standard maintenance of Automated Passport Control kiosks Troubleshoot and escalate connectivity issues for Airport and Security LAN. Provide basic support functions for hardware and software issues. Support end users with standard desktop applications. Virus and Spyware detection and removal. Troubleshoot non-working parts of the system. Troubleshoot non-working parts of the Access Control system. While on-site will be main point of contact for Airport and maintenance vendors to repair or escalate the repair of non-working systems. Perform site surveys to ensure all aspects of the IT departments systems are working as specified. Maintain knowledge of commonly-used concepts, practices, and procedures within a multiple disciplines in the IT industry Qualifications: This position requires a degree in an IT related program with at least 3 years of experience supporting desktop computers in a corporate environment. Microsoft certification preferred along with technical knowledge of desktop and laptop computer hardware and accessories. Candidates must have the ability to install, configure and support Microsoft applications including Windows Desktop and Microsoft Office 365 Application Suite; possess experience in general troubleshooting skills and basic knowledge of networking principles related to desktop and laptop computer hardware. Selected candidates will work in a team-oriented, collaborative environment where excellent written and oral communication skills are necessary. We are an equal opportunity employer committed to affirmative action and diversity. Background and security clearances and drug tests are performed. For confidential consideration candidates can submit a resume and application at www.elliottlewis.com EOE-Minority/Female/Dis/Vet