The Fullstack Developer will be responsible for developing new features and extending existing features. The developer will also be required to understand all aspect of our platform including frontend and backend technologies; develop high quality code, perform code reviews, write unit tests, and conform to the latest best practices. Minimum Qualifications: 7+ year’s professional experience in Software Development PCF experience required Proficiency in Front-end Coding and Design (JavaScript, CSS, HTML, jQuery, and libraries or frameworks such as React, Angular, Backbone) Proficiency in Back-end Coding and Design (JAVA, .NET, Python, NodeJS) Familiarity with relational & non-relational databases such as MySQL, Postgres, Oracle, SQL Server, Mongo DB, Dynamo, Cassandra Computer Science fundamentals in object-oriented design, data structures and algorithm design, and complexity analysis You have a solid understanding of version control principles, preferably using Git. The Fullstack Developer will be responsible for developing new features and extending existing features. The developer will also be required to understand all aspect of our platform including frontend and backend technologies; develop high quality code, perform code reviews, write unit tests, and conform to the latest best practices. Minimum Qualifications: 7+ year’s professional experience in Software Development PCF experience required Proficiency in Front-end Coding and Design (JavaScript, CSS, HTML, jQuery, and libraries or frameworks such as React, Angular, Backbone) Proficiency in Back-end Coding and Design (JAVA, .NET, Python, NodeJS) Familiarity with relational & non-relational databases such as MySQL, Postgres, Oracle, SQL Server, Mongo DB, Dynamo, Cassandra Computer Science fundamentals in object-oriented design, data structures and algorithm design, and complexity analysis You have a solid understanding of version control principles, preferably using Git. Job Location : Irving, Texas, United States Employee Status : Full Time Employee Shift : Day Job Travel : No Job Posting : Jul 20 2018 Cognizant US Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran. If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions in the US, please send an email with your request to CareersNA2@cognizant.com About Cognizant Cognizant is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant, a member of the NASDAQ-100, is ranked 195 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us on Twitter: USJobsCognizant. Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.