North Texas Public Broadcasting, Inc. KERA TV, KERA 90.1 and KXT 91.7 KERA, the public broadcasting organization for Dallas/Fort Worth, has an opportunity for a highly qualified reporter to join the KERA News team. Serving the country’s fifth-largest media market, KERA reaches more than 2 million people weekly through KERA TV, KERA 90.1 FM, Triple-A music station KXT 91.7 FM, an award-winning local news division, robust arts unit Art&Seek; and a constellation of digital properties, including kera.org, keranews.org, kxt.org and artandseek.org. For more than 50 years, North Texans have turned to KERA as a vibrant destination for community engagement and lifelong learning. Position Summary KERA seeks a creative, enterprising multimedia reporter to help develop and launch an innovative new mental health initiative. The reporter will build on the success of KERA’s award-winning health/science/technology coverage to pioneer this new beat and deliver insightful and deeply reported stories that will shine a spotlight on mental health issues and tackle misconceptions. Led by the mental health reporter, the initiative will play out across KERA’s media platforms – primarily radio, digital and social media. The reporter will also take a lead role in public engagement events and videos for digital outlets and television. Depth, innovation and collaboration will be at the center of this job: The reporter will be equally adept at covering breaking news, creating compelling narratives from deep dives into research, cultivating sources and producing one-of-a-kind audio, video and digital projects. The job will be based in Dallas/Fort Worth/Denton, but will have statewide and national reach: KERA leads the Texas Station Collaborative, and is part of NPR’s partnership with Kaiser Health News. Duties of the Reporter Develop and build a new beat reporting on mental health in North Texas and beyond. Create engaging multimedia stories from reporting, interviews, data and analysis. Bring a distinctive style and approach and find creative ways to report on an issue that touches almost everyone. The goal: High impact with deep substance. Work collaboratively as part of KERA’s team to build expertise, contribute compelling story ideas, and experiment with innovative storytelling techniques to create a new initiative from the ground up. Build and maintain a community around the beat – locally, statewide and nationally. Create, curate and participate in in-person and social media events and campaigns. Cover breaking news in North Texas and beyond for KERA News. Develop distinctive stories, from quick turns to in-depth projects, focused in the KERA listening area; and tailor content to multiple platforms for KERA as assigned. Actively participate in KERA fundraising campaigns and other duties as assigned. Essential Qualifications Passion for and experience in journalism about health and/or mental health. Undergraduate degree in journalism or related field. Three or more years of professional journalism experience, and proven research, writing, and reporting skills. The highest journalistic and ethical standards, with an absolute dedication to accuracy, fairness and attention to detail. Strong audio reporting and production skills, and comfort behind a microphone. Eagerness to explore and develop innovative digital, social and video skills. Previous experience building a beat, developing topical expertise and bringing a fresh perspective to vital issues, prioritizing impact. Ability to generate dynamic, creative story ideas. Willingness to experiment with storytelling methods and to adapt to changing platforms and audience needs. Agility to shift journalistic modes quickly and nimbly: from deadline reporting to developing explainers; from deep investigative work to producing live events. Demonstrated commitment to diversity in reporting and sourcing. Ability to work within a diverse team with varying perspectives, ideas and life experience. Experience building audiences and communities online, and using connections made within an online community for reporting. A commitment to cooperation, teamwork, curiosity, and diversity. Preferred Qualifications Deep expertise in mental health issues. Proven record of excellence in public radio journalism. Knowledge of Texas and particularly North Texas. Experience with one or more of the following: multimedia production, particularly photography or video; hands-on audio editing and innovative audio storytelling; working with one or more content management systems; other relevant technical expertise.