Job Description Square is looking for a Data Analyst to lead Customer Success analytics for the Cash App. Our mission is to make banking and financial services accessible to the underserved and unbanked. We move quickly, make incremental changes, and deploy to production every day. This role will be within our Cash Customer Success Operations team, building the strategy, infrastructure, processes, and tools which maximize customer happiness, team happiness, and operational efficiency. You will need to develop reporting and synthesize insights from the vast amount of data captured by Square. You will collaborate with key support team stakeholders to craft strategies to improve the performance of the team. You will also work with other Square teams to generate and share learnings and drive the execution on your strategic recommendations through project management. The successful candidate will combine a passion for innovative analysis with attention to detail and a tenacity to overcome difficult and complex analytical challenges. Ideally, this person will have worked in a similar role (operations, support, analytics), and will feel comfortable interacting with other stakeholders and senior management on a regular basis. You will: Perform ad hoc analyses of business performance trends and insights that inform executive decisions. For example, peforming deep dive analytics on high-impact topics such as drivers of call volumes by customer segment and the long-term impact of calling Customer Success Design and build data models and pipelines that can scale with Cash’s rapidly growing and changing business needs Model and report on data in Looker to monitor and understand topics such as employee productivity, vendor tool efficiency, etc. Work cross-functionally with other teams to answer questions that bridge many teams, such as the impact of product issues on support volumes Qualifications You have: Bachelor's degree required, with major in analytical or technical field strongly preferred 3 - 5+ years of analytical experience, ideally in product / BI analytics, business operations (Customer Success specifically is a plus), or consulting Expertise with SQL beyond querying: schema and ETL design, query optimization, data pipeline maintenance. Experience with reporting and visualization platforms (e.g. Tableau, Looker) Familiarity with scripting/programming for data mining and modeling (R, Python) and ETL development (Ruby, Python) Statistics basics required; significant experience working with AB tests preferred Creative problem-solving skills and a can-do attitude to overcome any obstacle and get things done Willingness to take on big challenges and own the results from brainstorming solutions to execution Strong communication skills and ability to work collaboratively across functions including product, marketing, analytics, engineering Consistent track record of delivering zero-defect models and answers – ability to catch and correct errors Additional Information At Square, our purpose is to empower – within and outside of our walls. In order to build the best tools for the businesses and customers we support all over the world, we have to start at home with a workforce as diverse and empowered as our sellers. To this end, we take great care to evaluate all employees and job applicants equally, based on merit, competence, and qualifications. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply and always consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records, in accordance with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. Applicants in need of special assistance or accommodation during the interview process or in accessing our website may contact us by sending an email to assistance(at)squareup.com. We will treat your request as confidentially as possible. In your email, please include your name and preferred method of contact, and we will respond as soon as possible.