District Sales Manager Location: Minneapolis, MN The District Sales Manager is responsible for seeking and maintaining relationships with NICE inContact Sales Partners and identifying sales opportunities and building market share in their regions. This position is required to increase revenue streams in small business, commercial, government, and contact centers. As a District Sales Manager, a Typical Day Might Include the Following: Meets and exceeds assigned sales quota. Build and maintain relationships with potential and current customers and sales partners. Assist and support Sales partners in sales effort by participating in sales calls and closing efforts. Maintain product knowledge by attending weekly trainings. Attends tradeshows. Travels as needed to maximize growth and revenue, while adhering to all NICE inContact travel policies and requirements. If remote from NICE inContact headquarters, maintains appropriate home office within NICE inContact allowances. Makes in person sales calls Interacts with all levels of organization. Makes presentations as necessary to same. Build trust and rapport with current and potential customers. Regularly closes deals and builds future pipeline within or exceeding goals. Completes all NICE inContact paperwork timely - expense reports, sales call logs, etc. Regularly keeps direct supervisor apprised of issues and potential sales. Travel required 50%. To Land This Gig You'll Need: Bachelor’s Degree in Business Information Systems, Marketing, Communications or similar field or equivalent work experience required. 10 + years sales experience Previous experience in telecom, call center, software or hardware industries Highly professional demeanor - presence, voice Demonstrated high level competency in written and verbal communications Demonstrated success working with little to no direct daily supervision in a home office setting Bonus Experience: Sales Engineering experience Telecomm sales experience SaaS experience ABOUT NICE inContact: NICE inContact makes it easy and affordable for organizations around the globe to provide exceptional customer experiences while meeting key business metrics. NICE inContact provides the world’s No. 1 cloud customer experience platform, NICE inContact CXone™, combining best-in- class Omnichannel Routing, Workforce Optimization, Analytics, Automation and Artificial Intelligence on an Open Cloud Foundation. NICE inContact is a part of NICE (Nasdaq: NICE), the worldwide leading provider of both cloud and on- premises enterprise software solutions.