Who we are Fueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) is committed to democratizing financial services and empowering people and businesses to join and thrive in the global economy. Our open digital payments platform gives PayPal’s 237 million active account holders the confidence to connect and transact in new and powerful ways, whether they are online, on a mobile device, in an app, or in person. Through a combination of technological innovation and strategic partnerships, PayPal creates better ways to manage and move money, and offers choice and flexibility when sending payments, paying or getting paid. Available in more than 200 markets around the world, the PayPal platform, including Braintree, Venmo and Xoom, enables consumers and merchants to receive money in more than 100 currencies, withdraw funds in 56 currencies and hold balances in their PayPal accounts in 25 currencies. When applying for a job you are required to create an account, if you have already created account - click Sign In. Creating an account will allow you to follow the progress of your applications. Note: Provide full legal first Name/Family Name DO: Capitalize first letter of First and Last Name. Example: John Smith DON'T: Capitalize entire First and/or Last Name. Example: JOHN SMITH NOTE: Use correct grammar for Names with multiple cases. Example: McDonald or O'Connell Provide full address details Resume is required Multiple attachments can be uploaded including Resume and Cover Letter for each application Job Description Summary: PayPal seeks a self-driven, team player to join its Platform team. In this role, you’ll be an integral part of the developer experience team, working directly with Engineers, Architects, Product Managers, Program Managers and stakeholders to integrate PayPal Dev workload on public clouds. In this role you will utilize your experience with cloud technologies such as Docker, Mesos, Aurora, Terraform & Packer to build the next generation of PayPal Cloud platform. You will be a technical leader in building solutions that can help scale the infrastructure. Primary responsibilities: Work on in house applications written in Go, Python and Java. You have a passion for building great developer experiences and have high energy and are capable of thriving in a challenging work environment. This person will be primarily responsible for building the infrastructure that is high availability and scalable. Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal to tell a creative, concise and cohesive story across different types of audiences Job Description: A successful candidate will a strong engineer who is able to work in a high performing team, can creatively balance high quality delivery with customer focus to meet business needs, has excellent communication skills, and continuous record of delivering results. 7+ years of experience planning, designing, developing and delivering software related to platforms Hands on experience with design and development of scalable web services and platforms Experience in Jenkins, Docker, Mesos, Aurora, Terraform, C++, Java, Scala, Go, MongoDB, python and scripting is preferred Understanding and experience with storage technologies such as NFS, Cinder,Swift, EBS and EFS is desirable. Prior experience in building infrastructure for instrumenting, reporting, monitoring and alerting Demonstrated success in hiring and developing technical talent Excellent written and verbal communication skills with the ability to present complex technical information in a clear and concise manner to a variety of audiences. Prior experience in AWS, GCE or Azure is a definite plus BS in computer science or equivalent Subsidiary: PayPal Travel Percent: 0 Primary Location: Scottsdale, Arizona, United States of America Additional Locations: We're a purpose-driven company whose beliefs are the foundation for how we conduct business every day. We hold ourselves to our One Team Behaviors which demand that we hold the highest ethical standards, to empower an open and diverse workplace, and strive to treat everyone who is touched by our business with dignity and respect. Our employees challenge the status quo, ask questions, and find solutions. We want to break down barriers to financial empowerment. Join us as we change the way the world defines financial freedom. Paypal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.