Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. Facebook is seeking an experienced Software Engineer to join the Warehouse Product Infrastructure team. The Warehouse Product Infrastructure team builds large scale logging, data processing and analytics at Facebook. Our stack serves all Facebook products to monitor and make critical product decisions. We handle everything from Facebook scale logging across client and server, to metrics computation, to unified pipeline management across streaming, batch and machine learning workloads. We are looking for candidates who share a passion for tackling complexity and building platforms that can scale through multiple orders of magnitude and for enable Facebook analytics to be fast and high quality. This position is full-time and is based in our office in Seattle, WA. RESPONSIBILITIES Design core, backend or frontend software components Code using primarily PHP, Hack, Python, Scala or Java Interface with other teams to collaborate in transforming the landscape Conduct design and code reviews Analyze and improve efficiency, scalability, and stability of various system resources Design and implement a workflow language for efficient data processing and machine learning MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS 4+ years software engineering experience or coding experience in C, C++, Java 2+ years coding experience in PHP, Hack, Python, Java or C++ 2+ years experience building logging infrastructure, metrics infrastructure or pipeline management PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Experience working directly with data engineer or data scientist teams Experience working with product team in logging instrumentation on both client and server side Experience working on data modeling from logging to analytics Experience building metrics computation or consumption framework Experience extracting and implementing analytics patterns