Overview Underwriter I, II, or III DOE Seattle, WA Responsibilities & Requirements Bring your underwriting knowledge to a role where you will: Evaluate each assigned group’s risk and attaches the appropriate rate. Key Qualifications and Experience: Underwriter I: Bachelor’s degree in business, math, statistics or related discipline or an equivalent combination of education and experience. Demonstrated analytical and problem-solving skills. Business sense including: finance, accounting, economics, and risk management principles. Effective verbal and written communications. Ability to build and maintain positive internal and external customer interactions. Ability to prioritize tasks and meet deadlines. Demonstrated technology proficiency, including Excel, Word, and applicable software applications. Underwriter II: The above, plus: Bachelor’s degree in business, math, statistics or related discipline and a minimum of 2 years related experience or an equivalent combination of education and experience. Demonstrated success with managing competing priorities and workload. Underwriter III: The above, plus: Bachelor’s degree in business, math, statistics or related discipline and a minimum of 4 years related experience or an equivalent combination of education and experience. Experience with associations is a plus. Demonstrated proficiency working with complex computer software systems and automation. Ability to effectively explain complex mathematical and abstract concepts to a variety of stakeholders, including those with less familiarity and/or understanding. This is a multiple level position depending on experience. About Us At Cambia, we advocate for transforming the health care system. You aren’t satisfied with the status quo and neither are we. We're looking for individuals who are as passionate as we are about transforming the way people experience health care. We offer a competitive salary and a generous benefits package. We are an equal opportunity employer dedicated to workforce diversity and a drug and tobacco-free workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, protected veteran status or any other status protected by law. A drug screen and background check is required. Cambia’s portfolio of companies spans health care information technology and software development; retail health care; health insurance plans that carry the Blue Cross and Blue Shield brands; pharmacy benefit management; life, disability, dental, vision and other lines of protection; alternative solutions to health care access; and free-standing health and wellness solutions. We have over a century of experience in developing and providing health solutions to serve our members. We had our beginnings in the logging communities of the Pacific Northwest as innovators in helping workers afford health care. That pioneering spirit has kept us at the forefront as we build new avenues to improve access to and quality of health care for the future.