Discover your opportunity with Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group (MUFG), the 5th largest financial group in the world with total assets of over $2.4 trillion (as ranked by SNL Financial, April 2016) and 140,000 colleagues in nearly 50 countries. In the U.S., we’re 13,000 strong, working together to positively impact every customer, organization, and community we serve. We achieve this by delivering on our values, putting people first, fostering long-term relationships built on honesty and mutual understanding, and inspiring the best in each other. This is all part of our inclusive, high-performing culture supported by Total Rewards that include our cash balance pension plan. Join a team that’s working to fulfill its vision to be the world’s most trusted financial group. Job Summary: The Chief Information & Operations Officer for the Americas (CIOO) is responsible for providing overall leadership and effective oversight of Integrated Services for the Americas (ISA). This includes all technology (strategy, applications, infrastructure, enterprise architecture, technology change and transformation, IT governance, and data security), Enterprise Information Security, Enterprise Program Management Office, Process Excellence and Operations including both Consumer and Wholesale (payments, treasury and cash management, middle and back office support, etc.). This position also plays a significant role driving change and transformation. The bank is investing over $800M in the next three years to focus on modernizing its technology, creating a data strategy and governance model as well as replacing the Core Banking platform. The CIOO is directly responsible for all operations and technology management activities for MUFG’s U.S. operations, including MUFG Union Bank and MUFG’s U.S. branch banking operations. This position will also have oversight responsibilities for operations and technology management of MUFG’s non-U.S. branches and subsidiaries in Latin America and Canada and a strong partnership with other MUFG entities in the U.S. The CIOO reports directly to Steve Cummings, Chief Executive Officer for the Americas, and will also have a matrix reporting line responsibility to the Systems Division Unit in Tokyo, which oversees and funds technology requirements for the Branch. The CIOO will work closely with the business leaders of the bank to ensure that the businesses’ operations and technology capabilities are optimal and able to deliver value for their respective strategic agendas. The CIOO is also responsible for the bank’s integration agenda across operations and technology, focusing on optimizing the legacy technology and operations environments, across their respective infrastructure, and addressing heightened regulatory standards. This role also owns the strategies and architectures in the fields of operations and technology to ensure maximum business value is achieved from the legacy platforms. Externally, the CIOO will build trusted and sustainable relationships with key vendors, partners across the technology and operations environment as well as engage within the industry to ensure MUFG is abreast of the latest best practices as well as advancing the MUFG brand. Key Responsibilities: Complete a comprehensive assessment of ISA strategy, structure, people, and governance within the first 100 days. Optimize the integration of the Americas Technology and Operations organization: Review and rationalize the structure of the ISA senior leadership team. Conduct talent assessment and possible restructuring. Shape the technology and operations agenda, strategy, and target operating model across the Americas: Drive a clear understanding of existing technology footprint, including the drivers of cost and demand. Translate key technology trends to implications on the future banking operating model in a way that can shape the technology agenda for the bank and for the IT organization. Develop and gain consensus on goals and objectives of the technology and operations management program. Revamp project and program management capability across technology and change, ensuring both an agile development methodology approach and Home Office buy- in. Play a key role in designing and implementing an appropriate organizational structure, including clear definitions of roles, responsibilities, and accountabilities. Ensure buy-in and approval from multiple Home Office Japan organizations including the Global Business Unit and Systems Division. Full oversight of the multiple legacy technology platforms and their future consolidation and integrations: Develop a future strategy to leverage the technology assets of the legacy platforms in consultation with Tokyo Systems Division. Create the strategic direction for potential future integration of said platforms to create the "One MUFG" business model. Architect a single, consistent IT governance and technology project lifecycle environment (for all new technology build and existing and new change/transformation agendas across the technology and operations environment) for the Americas. Assist in the design/implementation of key Business Unit technology management processes: Ensure each line of business is gaining maximum value from the technology assets and all new technology development is scoped, built, and deployed to the business in the best way possible. Create an agile environment across the organization to enable rapid and iterative creation environment. Continuously review and improve IT governance processes: Oversee the process to ensure IT governance, management and monitoring processes/activities are continuously improved for all technology and technology-change initiatives as well as meeting Home Office requirements. Deepen and reinforce the company’s technology innovation and operational culture of excellence: Lead the company’s operational excellence agendas for all BU operations. Play a key role in influencing the key attributes of an appropriate "technology innovation" culture. Provide input and advice on necessary changes and optimizations to business processes to ensure best in class operational excellence is maintained. Create a vision for how the culture of the organization and the operations and technology management function need to evolve. Design and build consensus for the use of a common technology and operations language. Identify and aggressively infuse new talent to drive change (e.g., cloud, agile, data science), create an environment that excites external talent to consider MUFG, craft exciting career paths for internal talent (both new and existing) to effectively motivate and retain, and be a coach and mentor to broad set of colleagues (within and outside IT). In partnership with the Board, CEO, heads of Business Units, and other senior managers, lead the company in successfully meeting all regulatory deliverables relating to technology resiliency, IT operational risk including IT governance, Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA), information security, cyber security, and IT asset access management and operational excellence, create a well-functioning working relationship with regulators being acutely aware of the tone and signals and have the ability to interpret them appropriately. Assist and advise: Board of Directors and board committees Executive Committee for the Americas Business unit leadership Others, as appropriate Qualifications: Ideal Experience: 20+ years of technology and operations leadership experience in a large, complex financial services company Will possess experience working within a matrixed global organization with a leaning toward technology expertise over operations expertise. Within technology, knowledge of infrastructure, applications, architecture and security management is needed. Within operations, will have led large scale process change. Strong program management experience Experience in driving successful technology enabled business transformations as the change agent; successful delivery of multiple transformations, including at least one core banking transformation and one agile transformation. Shaping the technology and operations agenda Led a large scale, complex technology and operations integration program within financial services across multiple lines of business, has led an IT organization that has applied agile principles to drive important changes and therefore can shape the technical and operational roadmap to grow these capabilities. Ability to translate key technology trends (e.g., Cloud, API, DevOps, Microservices, etc.) to implications on the future banking operating model in a way that can shape the technology agenda and the IT organization. Ability to take this future state and current state and craft a roadmap of technology driven initiatives with clear definition of dependencies and risks. Understanding of regulatory requirements Understand how to work in a complex global regulated environment. Demonstrated working relationships with appropriate regulators on a global basis, know how to effectively communicate future state outcomes to regulators. Experience in data management Have developed and delivered on a comprehensive data approach for a large financial services organization including the establishment of an appropriate governance approach, oversight of data build outs and associated delivery of outcomes to business users. Talent leader Proven track record of building and leading high performing teams in both operations and technology. Able to identify and attract new talent to drive change (e.g., cloud, agile, data science). Effective coach and mentor to colleagues within technology and operations and elsewhere in the organization. Ability to mobilize and drive cross-functional teams (IT, business, support functions) to achieve successful business outcomes; have the ability to spot, early on, talent shortage across teams and take swift corrective action. Graduate degree(s) preferred The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of personnel so classified.