The role: This successful startup is solving problems associated with visual QA testing. You can do pixel by pixel comparisons, approve changes easily, and catch more bugs (including mobile bugs) before you launch. They're hiring for a full-stack engineer to join their growing team. On a day to day basis, you might: Write code in Ruby on Rails, Ember.js, and MySQL. Learn or level with up new tools and languages. Build empathy with customers by being a part of customer support. Contribute to architectural and UI/UX decisions as part of a highly-collaborative team. Discuss balancing more new features with efficiency, performance and scalability. They are proud to have low technical debt due to this balance. Communicate your progress and blockers. Squash bugs together! Harness creativity to automate and improve internal engineering processes. Provide feedback and reflection to the team through code reviews and regular retrospectives. Top reasons to choose this role: 1\. Work on a product people love. This is a growing and successful startup with clients like Google, NYT, mozilla, Canva and more. 2\. A focus on developer happiness. The leadership expressed that they’re focused on retaining their hires for the long-term. According to the developers we interviewed off the record, they’re succeeding. There is clearly a lot of loyalty and happiness among the team. 3\. A truly empathetic team. Developers described feeling empowered, included, and listened to, no matter what background they were coming from. The team: This is a highly non-judgemental team where everyone feels a strong sense of belonging. When we asked one developer to describe the culture, they said “It’s like a ragtag group of misfits…. Everything people bring to the table is unique to them and is valued. I don’t how to articulate what it is that makes me feel like I can be my authentic self.” Another developer said, “I feel important… conversations are conversations and every person is willing to listen to another’s perspective. The CEO schedules one-on-ones with me to see how it’s going, both as a person and an underrepresented person. My voice can and has had an effect on the business and culture.” There is a strongly pro-developers process. Developers mentioned having clear objectives for success, but also being given lots of autonomy they crave to achieve these objectives. While they are adding new features to their already impressive product, they’re “not some kind of shipping factory. We fix the broken windows so that you can none be worried about them while still making forward progress.” They’re consistently taking care of technical debt, automating workflows, and reflecting on how to improve their own productivity. There are no Project Managers yet on the team, so there is a large degree of self-motivation and time-management necessary. This self-direction leaves plenty of room for growth. The team is small so there’s not much title-changing, but leadership will check in about your personal interests and help you achieve them. Both developers we talked to had an example of being given new responsibilities that they had asked for. “I feel engaged. I learn new things every day. The projects I’ve given are well- suited to my interests.” Location : Financial District of downtown San Francisco. Remote work may be available for truly excellent communicators. Benefits + Perks: 100% covered health insurance premiums across medical/dental/vision, INCLUDING coverage for dependents. Trans-inclusive. Excellent parental leave policy. 401(k) plan. Laptop provided. Cost covered for one work-related conference per year + any conferences you are invited to speak at. Work/life balance. Open vacation policy. Equity in company. Flexible working hours. You might be their team’s missing puzzle piece if: 1\. You can communicate in a friendly and professional manner. Everyone you talk to feels important and heard. 2\. You have enough years of experience in full-stack or backend web development to go most days without needing mentorship. You might think of yourself as “mid-level” or “senior” level. 3\. You could hit the ground running with Ruby on Rails, either because you have plenty of experience in-office using it before or because you’ve used comparable backend programming languages for many years. 4\. You have a proven ability to learn new skills on the job as they come up, and you love learning so you relish the opportunity. 5\. You’re able to self-manage and communicate your progress to others. Non-necessary bonus points: You’re comfortable with JavaScript (especially Ember.JS) on the front-end. You’ve used Go for network proxy components). You’ve used Google Cloud Platform. You’ve run tests and continuous integration with Buildkite. You’ve deployed or managed container orchestration with Kubernetes. Find My Flock is an alternative recruiting agency that only works with companies who are acting on diversity and inclusion. Read more about how we work here [http://www.findmyflock.com/]! Please include a cover letter on why you love the idea of this role and how your experience matches what we've listed. We'd love to see your GitHub or personal website linked too!