Verifies the contents of databases are consistent among different systems. DBAs provide expert knowledge required to ensure database integrity and database replications. Main lead in troubleshooting problems and inconstancies causing system errors. Provide 24/7/365 immediate, on-call support for WSOMS sites. Perform database operations and maintenance activities and monitor databases daily to ensure that each database is performing properly and is available to WSOMSNET customers. Monitor database space, Central Processing Unit (CPU) resource allocation, and reallocate resources to meet Government specified resource criteria. Monitor and evaluate database and software problems to determine cause. Coordinate problem identifications and resolutions with personnel as identified in the PWS. Write, modify, and execute shell scripts and Standard Query Language (SQL) scripts to perform routine and special system procedures. Support developers for all Relational Database Management System (RDBMS)-related or similar tools and problems. Maintain data files and document procedures involved in performing the previously mentioned tasks. Requirements Required Skills Types of database include but are not limited to, Oracle, Conference on Data Systems Languages ( CODASYL), and Microsoft SQL. Knowledge of software baseline management, which includes planning, identification, CM/DM, status accounting, verification and audit Creation and release of software builds and associated configuration documentation Lead configuration control boards to review and disposition software changes Automate, maintain, and execute processes and procedures in support of routine administrative tasks Assist in capacity planning and performance management of supported services/technologies Develop and maintain appropriate controls and documentation ensuring compliance with regulatory and audit requirements Develop, maintain, and execute processes and procedures to ensure ongoing Disaster Recovery Readiness Active TS/SCI Preferred Skills: The ability to obtain and maintain program access Required Experience: Bachelor’s Degree in a Science, Technology, Engineering, or Mathematics (STEM) discipline from an accredited university and 6+ years of experience OR Master’s Degree and a minimum of four years of relevant experience. In cases where an applicant does not have a degree, an additional two (2) years of experience is required Preferred Experience: Experience providing database administration at one of the WSOCs