McDonald’s Position Specification Senior Director, Learning & Development COE The Senior Director, Learning and Development joins the recently globalized Learning & Development Center of Excellence during a period of unprecedented innovation and advancement. This critical leader will partner widely across the Global People function, leading efforts to evolve, build, reimagine and ultimately scale robust solutions within departments and across functions. This work is aimed at providing employees a variety of opportunities where learning will result incapability building to support our velocity growth plan. Reporting to the Senior Vice President-Chief Learning Officer, this Senior Director will be the principal architect responsible for the design, implementation, and evaluation of programs that facilitate continuous employee learning across major portions of the McDonald’s system including at the leadership, professional and functional level. Responsibilities THE ROLE Strategically define the direction of future learning across functions, informed by a deep understanding of the current state of learning programs and relevant best in class practices being implemented in the marketplace. Evaluate existing programs for impact and alignment with functional needs. Provide recommendations for learning experiences that increase reach, impact, and future capability requirements. Design and deliver exceptional, engaging learning experiences ranging from core/flagship curriculum to discipline-specific programs. Leverage knowledge of cutting-edge, nimble, just-in-time tools. Define metrics for successful evaluation of programs around fulfillment of audience needs and relevant business drivers with functions. Identify, develop, lead and manage key external vendor relationships as necessary. Manage core global learning experiences, including design, delivery, implementation, and ongoing evaluation ensuring program quality and audience value. Foster greater design and delivery innovation, while maximizing efficiency by acting as a thought leader on ground-breaking, relevant learning industry trends centered on learning impact and accessibility. Meet and engage subject matter experts, key stakeholders, and end users to conduct learning needs analyses, define requirements, and potentially develop content for a variety of learning programs and tools. Keep pace with both business and functional knowledge, and apply this effectively in course design. Ability and willingness to travel at times, occasionally including global destinations. This position will be located in Oak Brook, IL until Spring 2018, when McDonald’s will be relocating to downtown Chicago (West Loop) to the new Corporate Headquarters. Minimum Requirements QUALIFICATIONS & EXPERIENCE Bachelor’s Degree required; preferred Master’s Degree in Human Resources or related field. Minimum ten years of progressive experience in learning & development functions including in-person training, virtual training and facilitation roles. Previous management experience supervising a high performance team. Experience working cross-culturally with diverse colleagues in a global environment. Previous experience serving as a consultant/advisor in analyzing client needs; setting and managing expectations and influencing decisions. Excellent ability to engage with people at all levels of an organization. Proven track record of communicating and processing complex and sensitive information in both verbal and written formats. Exceptional ability to prioritize and complete multiple complex projects simultaneously. Senior level expertise across a variety of instructional methods and training techniques including curriculum design principles, adult learning theory, and blended learning strategies. Excellent coaching and mentoring skills. Ability to translate strategic goals into appropriate development and talent programs that expertly balance the evolving priorities of the organization. Excellent interpersonal, communication and presentation skills. Solid influencing, negotiation and facilitation skills with the ability to foster and maintain collaborative relationships with clients, peers, subordinates and other key stakeholders. Experience in group facilitation and team coaching with a track record of improving overall performance. Strong project management skills. Must have the ability to document and communicate project plans, monitor work in progress, and achieve project milestones/end results for others to understand. Strong business acumen, with the ability to credibly make a business case, by linking current and anticipated business challenges with learning and development solutions. CountryUnited States Requisition Number 5867BR EOE Statement McDonald’s Corporation is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce.