You will help our clients solve a variety of science and engineering problems, all related to the capture, storage, visualization and analysis of complex data. Projects can span a range of activities and your responsibilities will include: Combining domain knowledge and technical skills to understand and solve the complex challenges facing our clients. Using data science, analytics and a variety of analytical, statistical or machine learning techniques to interpret client data, helping them to make better-informed business decisions. Designing and developing custom software solutions or tools (e.g. visualization). Building strong relationships, communicating and collaborating with clients and colleagues. The successful applicant will mainly work with oil and gas clients in the Houston area. You will also have the opportunity to use your transferable skills to work in different domains and industries. Our projects are exciting and rewarding and provide plenty of opportunities to learn and develop. You will be assigned to projects based on your existing skills and experience, but you will also be expected to quickly learn new domains and technologies and apply innovative thinking and transferable skills to solve new challenges. Requirements We are looking for enthusiastic graduates and postgraduates, with a passion for problem solving, to join us. During your career at Tessella, you will be expected to learn and develop your skills, but before you join us you should have: Masters or PhD in science, engineering or math. Geophysics, geotechnical or petroleum engineering or similar would be an advantage. Software underpins many of the solutions we provide, so you need to have some programming skills in one of our core languages: Java, Python, C, C, C++, R, Matlab. The ability to interpret complex data using a variety of analytical, statistical or machine learning techniques. Experience of a big data platform, particularly Azure, would be desirable. Excellent interpersonal skills and the ability to explain complex concepts to clients and colleagues from all backgrounds. Experience of the oil and gas industry (e.g. an internship, academic project or commercial experience) would be an advantage. Career Development and Training We offer excellent future prospects. While we do offer traditional career paths, most staff end up shaping their own based on their aspirations, the skills they have developed and the projects they have worked on. As your career progresses, you will be able to contribute to projects in a variety of roles, from Data Scientist and Software Developer to Business Analyst and Project Manager, or any combination of these. We take personal development seriously and all staff receive an annual training allowance of 150 hours, which can be used to learn new technical and soft skills, often leading to recognized professional qualifications.