Req ID: 21327 Shift: Days Employment Status: AF - Active - Regular - Full Time Job Summary The CTMS Business Analyst I is an entry level position for those who have experience in coordinating research studies and an interest in developing a career in applied data management systems. This position works under the close supervision of an “OnCore expert” director or manager. The Analyst I is regarded as a developing superuser and concentrates on supporting the day-to- day needs of its users. The Analyst I will provide support to end users, participate in trainings, communicate new features, and assist with adapting study designs for OnCore usage within studies of varying complexity. Job Responsibilities Serves as an entry level superuser for the clinical trial management system, OnCore, at CHOP, under the close supervision of an “OnCore expert” director or manager. Evaluate OnCore functionality as used for protocol and subject management; work with individuals and teams to improve efficiency of tools and propose new methods to achieve goals through use of OnCore functionality as appropriate Supports technical needs of end users in a timely manner by creating Protocols in OnCore, including related Calendars, Forms, etc. Is knowledgeable of, and provides user support in accordance with, the CHOP OnCore environment and governance as established by clinical research leadership, information systems support personnel, OnCore end users, data security, and other groups. Serves as an operational interface to OnCore for these stakeholders. Reports on various metrics such as usage, support needs, etc. Provides support to end users, participates in trainings, communicates new features, and assists with adapting study designs for OnCore usage within studies of varying complexity. Serves as a CHOP participant in OnCore Onsemble Community and regularly learns and applies best practices. Job Responsibilities (Continued) Job Responsibilities (Continued) Required Licenses, Certifications, Registrations Required Education and Experience Required Education: Bachelor’s in Biological Science, Computer Science, Informatics, or a related discipline Preferred Education, Experience & Cert/Lic Preferred Experience: Experience in the biomedical research field in an applied data management or services role. Experience in clinical research study or trial management. Experience in OnCore administration or similar clinical research applications administration (e.g., REDCap). Project management experience of complex matrix projects. Additional Technical Requirements Demonstrated oral, presentation, and written communication skills Highly communicative, collaborative, transparent, and engaging customer service approach Ability to organize, prioritize, and coordinate multiple tasks Ability to work independently Familiarity/comfort with web-enabled technologies and software Basic understanding of database software IRB, HIPAA, and privacy protection compliance standards preferred All CHOP employees who work in a patient building or who provide patient care are required to receive an annual influenza vaccine unless they are granted a medical or religious exemption. Children's Hospital of Philadelphia is committed to providing a safe and healthy environment for its patients, family members, visitors and employees. In an effort to achieve this goal, employment at Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, other than for positions with regularly scheduled hours in New Jersey, is contingent upon an attestation that the job applicant does not use tobacco products or nicotine in any form and a negative nicotine screen (the latter occurs after a job offer). Children's Hospital of Philadelphia is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, religion, national or ethnic origin, disability or protected veteran status. VEVRAA Federal Contractor/Seeking priority referrals for protected veterans. Please contact our hiring official with any referrals or questions. CHOP Careers Contact Talent Acquisition 2716 South Street, 6th Floor Philadelphia, PA 19146 Phone: 866-820-9288 Email: TalentAcquisition@email.chop.edu