Core Skills The Developer, 2 works across multiple teams to understand requirements, design, develop, test, and execute technical solutions for small to medium scale product level or client specific custom projects with a focus on data analysis. Ability to collaborate with technical and non-technical associates to understand client’s needs Must be able to provide consultation and offer recommendations to help define requirements that ensure the solution satisfies the project objective or meets the client’s expectations Proven skills in business requirements gathering, development, testing and implementation of business processes or unique client solutions. Able to produce deliverables for each phase of the development cycle Ability to communicate across various teams to coordinate timelines and deliverables Able to provide reasonable task estimates, manage and prioritize multiple projects, and remain flexible to changing requirements while meeting tight timelines Research, data analysis, and problem resolution skills are required Self-motivated, detail oriented and ability to excel in both team environment and independently 4+ years of IT experience required Computer Science or Engineering degree preferred Experience working with flat files, Ascii/Ebcdic, binary data, bitmapping, and ETL processing is fundamental Strong UNIX environment and scripting skills. Also prefer C and C+ knowledge Experience with data analysis and manipulating and joining multiple, large data files Experience with direct marketing campaigns preferred Conditions of Employment All job offers are contingent upon successful completion of certain background checks which unless prohibited by applicable law may include criminal history checks, employment verification, education verification, drug screens, credit checks, DMV checks (for driving positions only) and fingerprinting. Great People , Deserve Great Benefits We know that we have some of the brightest and most talented associates in the world, and we believe in rewarding them accordingly. If you work here, expect competitive pay, comprehensive health coverage, and endless opportunities to advance your career. From tuition reimbursement to scholarship programs to employee stock purchase plans and 401(k)s, we offer associates a variety of benefits that work as hard for them as they work for us. About Epsilon Epsilon® is an all-encompassing global marketing innovator. We provide unrivaled data intelligence and customer insights, world-class technology including loyalty, email and CRM platforms and data-driven creative, activation and execution. Epsilon’s digital media arm, Conversant, is a leader in personalized digital advertising and insights through its proprietary technology and trove of consumer marketing data, delivering digital marketing with unprecedented scale, accuracy and reach through personalized media programs and through CJ Affiliate, one of the world’s largest affiliate marketing networks. Together, we bring personalized marketing to consumers across offline and online channels, at moments of interest, that help drive business growth for brands. An Alliance Data compnay, Epsilon employs over 8,000 associates in 70 offices worldwide. For more information, visit www.epsilon.com and follow us on Twitter @EpsilonMktg. Alliance Data provides equal employment opportunities without regard to race, color, religion, gender, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law. For San Francisco Bay Area : Alliance Data will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of San Francisco Police Code Sections 4901 - 4919, commonly referred to as the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance Alliance Data is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Alliance Data will provide accommodations to applicants needing accommodations to complete the application process. Any applicant offered employment will be required to establish that they are legally authorized to work in the United States for Alliance Data. Alliance Data participates in E-Verify. Alliance Data will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal and credit histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of all applicable laws, including the City of Los Angeles’ Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance. LI-JM1