Please Note: 1\. If you are a first time user, please create your candidate login account before you apply for a job. (Click Sign In > Create Account) 2\. If you already have a Candidate Account, please Sign-In before you apply. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, disability or protected veteran status. Job Description: Storage Architect/Infrastructure Engineer: Oversees vendor relationship and delivery of outsourced IT Storage infrastructure. Supports IT Storage infrastructure, partners with senior management to evaluate vendor performance, needs assessment, spend optimization and risk management. Directs the lifecycle activities for existing Storage contracts. Identifies new technology solutions and works closely with internal business partners to forecast future IT Storage needs and to develop cost effective strategies aligned with business objectives. Drives the strategy and selection of vendors. Coordinates the negotiation and execution of contracts with the Legal and Contracts departments. Selects, develops, and evaluates personnel to ensure the efficient operation of the function. Responsible for delivering results that usually impact several tactical areas Drive and implement strategic vision for IT Storage Reduces broad concepts, business strategies into taskforce projects Leads the design/delivery of new Storage advancements; is the key technical contributor Identifies and resolves highly complex or specialized issues that may require departures from traditional approaches and the establishment of new techniques and processes. Works on complex issues where analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth evaluation of variable factors. Exercises judgment in selecting methods, techniques and evaluation criteria for obtaining results. Storage with key contacts outside own area of expertise. Will champion significant projects, programs and business initiatives using demonstrated creativity and ingenuity Team leader – Ability to lead, drive and motivate a team of highly skilled Storage engineers and an extended team of contractors. Leads major Storage projects Influences or impacts others' priorities, decisions or activities Escalation point for complex Storage issues Coaches and mentors other junior team members Subject Matter Leadership Having wide-ranging experience, uses professional concepts and company objectives to resolve complex issues in creative and effective ways. Strong project management skills Functional breadth and depth, plus expert in complementary fields Applies broad concepts and theories to achieve innovative and effective solutions to complex problems Incumbents provide a leadership role for the work group through knowledge in his/her area of specialization. Generally free to determine work priorities based on general direction from managers. Determines methods and procedures on new assignments Consult with management on long-range goals Determines own priorities, both tactical and strategic 8+ years of related experience. At this level, post-graduate coursework may be desirable. 25% travel If you are located outside USA, please be sure to fill out a home address as this will be used for future correspondence.