Company Overview SmartAction™ is a cutting-edge Intelligent Voice Automation (IVA/IVR) and digital customer self-service services company on a rapid growth trajectory. Our disruptive, yet well-proven technology, strong customer base, and financial strength, form a solid foundation for long-term viability. Our solution is based on over 10 years of artificial intelligence research and development and is well positioned to fill the significant void between current technology and human call center agents. It is a truly unique solution within a rapidly expanding technology market for Cloud based AI solutions. We offer an energetic work environment, a great product, and operational and technical support, to enable the right candidate to be successful. What You’ll Do Account Planning and Growth Manage the health and growth of a book of existing client business Create and execute against a strategic plan for each client, working closely with Solutions Consultants, Quality Assurance, Sales Executives and Project Managers Use the strategic plan process to outline long term accounts goals and manage against deliverables to show value to the client and continue account growth Storyboard and deliver periodic application reviews with the goal of delivering results through that process to drive account growth through new application development Strategize within our existing sales process on how to bring well-qualified current client opportunities to the Sales Executive, driving the qualification and discover process then acting on an as-needed basis for technical proposals and closing the deal Manage Client Relationships Engage with accounts immediately post-sale through application development, go-live, and into production to understand what drives their business Act as the “voice of the customer” in internal conversations Collaborate with the client and internal stakeholders to determine the client’s key metrics to determine success, and report against these on an ongoing basis Establish and maintain a trusted advisor relationship with your book of clients, both at the Project Manager level and the Executive level with the goal of making all our existing clients ready for the next steps in their expansion with SmartAction Take point on other special projects as needed to foster better relationships with our clients What We’re Looking For The ideal candidate will possess a record of accomplishment with proven business orientation. In addition, the ideal candidate will have: Bachelor’s Degree 4 or more years of progressive experience in Customer Success, Account Management, Sales, Client Services, or other closely related fields with a high level of client exposure Experience working side-by-side with executive level stakeholders to solve complex business problems in a variety of industries High level of attention to detail, excellent organizational skills, and ability to prioritize demands and meet deadlines Ability to motivate and align stakeholders from other departments to make progress on complex, multi-dimensional issues Excellent written and verbal communication skills Candidate should be hands on – not afraid to wear multiple hats – no job being too small or too large Other Personal Characteristics Intelligent, bright, conceptual thinker and a quick learner with the ability to quickly assess a situation and generate new insights and usable ideas A leader as well as a team player who takes responsibility for results Ability to positively influence others to achieve goals Good chemistry and fit with the firm’s culture; a constructive positive attitude; mature and self-confident; a consensus builder and team player Creative and curious, able to develop new and innovative solutions to complex problems Outstanding reputation of professional integrity with the potential to be personally credible within the organization Physical Demands and Work Environment The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this position. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the functions. While performing the duties of this position, the employee is regularly required to talk or hear. The employee frequently is required to use hands or fingers, handle or feel objects, tools, or controls. The employee is occasionally required to stand; walk; sit; and reach with hands and arms. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this position include close vision, distance vision, and the ability to adjust focus. The noise level in the work environment is usually low to moderate. We offer a fun and energetic work environment in addition to M/D/V, 401k, FSA, vacation, and work-life balance. The company is an Equal Opportunity Employer, drug free workplace, and complies with ADA regulations as applicable. Job Type: Full-time To apply for this position please email your resume and cover letter to careers@smartaction.ai. Be sure to put the job title Customer Success Manager in the subject line. This job description in no way states or implies that these are the only duties to be performed by the employee(s) incumbent in this position. Employees will be required to follow any other job-related instructions and to perform any other job-related duties requested by any person authorized to give instructions or assignments. All duties and responsibilities are essential functions and requirements and are subject to possible modification to reasonably accommodate individuals with disabilities. To perform this job successfully, the incumbents will possess the skills, aptitudes, and abilities to perform each duty proficiently. Some requirements may exclude individuals who pose a direct threat or significant risk to the health or safety of themselves or others. The requirements listed in this document are the minimum levels of knowledge, skills, or abilities. This document does not create an employment contract, implied or otherwise, other than an “at will” relationship.