Key Objectives/Principal Accountabilities Physical manipulation of drums, pails, and/or boxes is needed to access products. Selects assigned customer orders in an efficient and accurate manner to insure a high level of quality to the customer. Pack, secure and label all customer orders according to guidelines. Performs inventory management and warehousing responsibilities by storing all finished goods in the correct designated areas, accurately records materials and equipment in the proper locations, accurately records materials used based on work order requirements so that all inventory balances may be maintained. Performs safety and housekeeping aspects of the job by following all safety rules according to company procedures, locking out equipment as required, cleaning up work areas during and at completion of tasks in accordance with 5S, maintaining all work stations and equipment including hand scanner in an orderly, clean fashion. Proper safety equipment will be worn as required by job duties. Employee may be required to handle RCRA regulated hazardous wastes in the normal performance of their duties. Vacancy data Organisation Job characteristics Closing date December 31, 2099 Vacancy number 1800046A Continent North America Country United States State/Region/Province Michigan Site Pontiac Business unit Automotive & Specialty Coatings Job family Manufacturing Hierarchy level Entry Level Full time/part time Full-time Contract type Permanent Job requirements/Candidate profile Requirements for Job (education or experience required to be able to perform this job): High School Diploma or GED equivalent is required. Qualified candidates must be dependable with good attendance. Good reading, writing, math and communication skills are required. Candidate must be detail oriented and have a record of good job performance. Must be able to lift 65 pounds, stand for long periods of time and able to work at high elevations. Also requires extensive bending and stooping. Candidate must be able to work in a manufacturing & laboratory environment and be capable of wearing an air purifying respirator. To wear a respirator per OSHA regulations, candidate must pass medical evaluation and fit testing to qualify as a respirator user.