Requisition ID: 191390 Work Area: Software-Development Operations Expected Travel: 0 - 10% Career Status: Student Employment Type: Intern COMPANY DESCRIPTION SAP started in 1972 as a team of five colleagues with a desire to do something new. Together, they changed enterprise software and reinvented how business was done. Today, as a market leader in enterprise application software, we remain true to our roots. That’s why we engineer solutions to fuel innovation, foster equality and spread opportunity for our employees and customers across borders and cultures. SAP values the entrepreneurial spirit, fostering creativity and building lasting relationships with our employees. We know that a diverse and inclusive workforce keeps us competitive and provides opportunities for all. We believe that together we can transform industries, grow economics, lift up societies and sustain our environment. Because it’s the best-run businesses that make the world run better and improve people’s lives. Anticipated Start Date: September 2018 Office Location: Newtown Square, PA Contract Duration: 6 months Purpose & Objective of Position The SAP Global Third Party Solutions Program Team within SAP Global Partner Organization is responsible for developing, promoting and executing best-in- class partner programs, strategies and enablement to, with and through partners to drive effective and profitable relationships, accelerate platform adoption, and increase customer satisfaction by delivering a thriving ecosystem. The Sales Operations Software Developer Intern provides critical technical skills to develop and support partner systems along with business management activities that support this business. Expectations & Tasks The Sales Operations Software Developer Intern will be responsible for supporting and maintaining the core partner sales systems and reports which enable efficient business management, collaboration, and provide important business insight through reporting and analysis. Specific responsibilities in this role include: Support and maintain the Global Third Party Solutions Team’s core business planning and management tools Build and maintain new business reports, utilizing the full capabilities of the SAP Analytics Platform and integrating with our core reporting systems Set up and manage a series of business review meetings along with the reports required for these meetings Independent analysis-based projects to utilize data to gain new insights into the Third Party Solutions business In this position the Partner Systems Software Developer Intern will interact with the other key systems stakeholders as well as the user community to ensure alignment of priorities, document user requirements, and deliver the systems/reports that meet those requirements. Skills / Competencies Seeking graduate and undergraduate candidates majoring in computer science, software engineering, MIS or other majors with experience in the following areas: Microsoft SQL Server, Microsoft SQL Server Analysis Services, and T-SQL Microsoft BI tools such as Excel, PowerPivot and PowerBI SAP frontend analytics tools such as Business Objects Web Intelligence, Business Objects Explorer, and Business Objects Analysis Strong project management, communication, and documentation skills with attention to detail We are looking for self-starter with excellent technical and communication skills, with capability to quickly ramp up on new technologies and ability to work with minimal supervision. This role offers an opportunity to work with SAP’s latest technologies such as SAP HANA, SAP Analytics Cloud, and SAP Cloud Platform. Candidates must be able to quickly adapt to sales environment where traditional development timelines and processes are often shortened and streamlined. Educational Requirements Graduate and Under Graduate students in Computer Science, software engineering, and MIS Qualifications Requires candidates to currently be enrolled in a Bachelors, Masters, or MBA degree seeking program which is applicable to the position. WHAT YOU GET FROM US Success is what you make it. At SAP, we help you make it your own. A career at SAP can open many doors for you. If you’re searching for a company that’s dedicated to your ideas and individual growth, recognizes you for your unique contributions, fills you with a strong sense of purpose, and provides a fun, flexible and inclusive work environment – apply now. SAP'S DIVERSITY COMMITMENT To harness the power of innovation, SAP invests in the development of its diverse employees. We aspire to leverage the qualities and appreciate the unique competencies that each person brings to the company. SAP is committed to the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity and to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team. (Americas:Careers.NorthAmerica@sap.com or Careers.LatinAmerica@sap.com, APJ: Careers.APJ@sap.com, EMEA: Careers@sap.com). Requests for reasonable accommodation will be considered on a case-by-case basis. Successful candidates might be required to undergo a background verification with an external vendor. EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability: Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their age, race, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status or disability. Successful candidates might be required to undergo a background verification with an external vendor. Additional Locations: