New York State Project Fellow Apply Now Special Programs Start Date: Aug 10, 2018 Salary: Commensurate with experience Open only to internal candidates until Aug 16, 2018 Position Vacancy - New York State Project Fellow PREPARED TO TEACH: Sustainable Funding for Quality Teacher Preparation Bank Street College Bank Street College of Education is seeking a New York State Project Fellow for an exciting new initiative to make quality teacher preparation financially sustainable by securing dedicated public funding and supporting pilot initiatives to demonstrate the potential to scale clinically-rich teacher preparation. The project is ambitious, with a goal of facilitating a national shift towards quality teacher preparation, including funding for year-long teacher residencies, within 5-7 years. PREPARED TO TEACH has secured funding that will enable us to support and advance the efforts of New York State’s teacher educators who are striving to make high quality, funded teacher residencies the new normal for teacher preparation. Through deep engagement with 4 early innovators from diverse contexts across the state, and multiple opportunities to support additional partnerships, the PREPARED TO TEACH – NY Learning Network will set the vision and demonstrate - from the ground up – what it can look like in New York when all new teachers are PREPARED TO TEACH. The Project Fellow will provide critical supports for research, writing, communication, and logistics across the PREPARED TO TEACH – NY Learning Network as well as the larger project as necessary. Applicants should exhibit a combination of personal attributes, including flexibility, persistence, entrepreneurialism, and a focus on possibilities. Understanding issues in teacher preparation, research methodology, and/or public policy will be important criteria in the selection process. Cover letters should address these domains. The position will provide opportunities for early career skill-building and leadership development in the domains of research, communication and project management. The nature of the work will afford exceptional opportunities for research and learning including a book application affording an early career writing and publication opportunity. This position would require roughly 15 hours/week at the rate of $22/hour. We expect the position to be funded through the Spring Semester of 2020 contingent on the project securing additional funding. Responsibilities: Support the project team in case study development across PREPARED TO TEACH – NY Learning Network project sites, including conducting interviews and observations, and analysis Conduct literature reviews and assist in the design and implementation of research documenting the case for sustainably funding quality teacher preparation Coordinate document collection, scheduling, and resource organization/synthesis Support the writing and editing of written reports and presentation materials Maintaining systems for collecting & organizing resources, team management, and outreach Provide logistical and project management support for the team, including responsibility for a contact management system Perform related duties as assigned Qualification Requirements: Bachelor’s or Master’s degree with significant coursework in education, policy, or a closely related field; preferred enrolled in Doctoral study Experience working in teacher preparation or a related field Ability to multi-task, comfortably switch gears, and prioritize workload independently Ability to travel to conduct case study research several times a year Strong verbal and written communication skills, as well as the ability to work effectively as part of a team and with personnel at all levels of the organization and external stakeholders Strong organizational skills Advanced skills using MS Excel, PowerPoint and Word Experience with a contact management data system such as Salesforce a plus Bank Street College of Education is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of age, color, national origin, ethnic origin, citizenship status, disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital status, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law in its employment policies and other college administered programs. In addition, Bank Street College of Education will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. Bank Street has been recognized as a leader in education, and strives to have its faculty and student body reflect the diversity of the society in which they exist. Candidates from underrepresented groups are encouraged to apply.