Primary responsibilities include designing, implementing and maintaining enterprise business software for cloud platform. Highly desirable experience working on cloud native architecture including microservices, containers, CI/CD. Work with a large, globally distributed development team to perform requirements analysis, write design documents, design, develop and test software development projects. You will be required to use your fluent knowledge on a variety using web technologies such as HTML, Java, NodeJS, CSS, Javascript. Software development experience with a proven track record and practical experience with SDLC using Agile methodologies. Familiarity with tools like Jira or Rally to manage development tasks. Work with customers to troubleshoot issues, participate in technical discussions with customer facing groups like support and consulting to provide guidance and expertise on the products and deployment. Understand real world deployment and usage scenarios from customers and product managers and translate them to product features that drive value of the product. Work with other internal groups like QA and technical writers through the development cycle. Mentor and train junior developers, perform design and code reviews. Analyze and present clearly the status of projects or issues along with risks and options to the stakeholders. Qualifications 8-10 years full stack web developer preferred with experience in backend and UI development Senior level knowledge in Java, JavaScript, Node JS, HTML, Angular JS, CSS. Experience in UI libraries like jQuery, Angular and general web UI concepts. Strong experience with web services and REST API technologies. Experience with Windows and Unix platforms and Tomcat/Jboss/websphere web servers. Solid understanding of Message queues and integration technologies Strong experience using source control tools like Github and build tools like Jenkins and Maven. Working knowledge of using containers like Docker and orchestration technologies like Kubernetes Full understanding of DevOps concepts Good troubleshooting and debugging techniques and understanding of web based technologies. Ability to work with little supervision as well as being a team player. Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills. : LI-PM1 It is the policy of BMC Software to afford equal opportunity for employment to all individuals regardless of race, color, age, national origin, physical or mental disability, history of disability, ancestry, citizenship status, political affiliation, religion, gender, transgender, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, status as a parent, sexual orientation, veteran status, genetic information or other factors prohibited by law, and to prohibit harassment or retaliation based on any of these factors. LI-PM1