Position Overview: Molex is seeking a talented Advanced Quality Planning Manager to join our team! This role will direct the Advanced Quality Planning program of a global design center for electronic solutions. Work closely with the Product Development teams & manufacturing plants developing and maintaining Quality Plans in order to manage and mitigate project risk to ensure a Flawless Product Launch that meets customers Cost, Quality, Delivery requirements. Essential Functions: Manage Design Center AQP Engineers: Develop and supervise team to ensure the execution of the APQP process at multiple design center & manufacturing center locations for a global electronics solutions manufacturer. This includes activities from the sales opportunity, design and development stages, PPAP, and Safe-Launch of new products and processes. Communicate AQP Vision: Communicate the APQP requirements in our PDP (Product Development Process) to the teams in order so they focus on meeting customer requirements & execute a Flawless Launch by have superior NPI (New Product Introduction) & post launch performance. Ensure Effective Quality Planning Development focused on Risk Mitigation: Ensure the project Quality Plans for new products and product modifications are focused on the voice of customer and that project quality deliverables are completed in a timely manner. Ensure during the front-end product / tool / process designs that the teams are capable & using the appropriate APQP Tools to mitigate risk during launch & production. Coordinate the projects for AQP Engineering team : Participate in the PDR (Product Development Request) reviews. Represent Quality by being the voice for external and internal customers’. Assign projects to AQP Engineers & maintain an up-to-date open project & issues tracking report. Identify critical projects or action items requiring completion to successfully meet deadlines and assign follow-up responsibilities. Drive the continuous improvement: Determine & make as necessary improvements & standardization of the Quality Management System and Product Development processes in order to close gaps & reduce waste. Develop, Track, & Publish APQP Key Performance Indicators (KPI) as applicable to the NPD process. Participate in Meetings / Phase Reviews: Present information/data as required at customer meetings, during management reviews, and Phase Gate Reviews. Problem-Solve: Develop a culture & a team capable of being leaders in the problem solving (8D’s), analysis, and resolution of new product related customer complaints or internal quality complaints during launch. Support efforts for prevention of repeat issues & systemic improvements to the Product Development Processes to reduce New Products QNs. Local Metrology Lab Oversight: Ensure the lab is meeting customer expectations by driving key critical metrics, resources requirements/allocation and overall strategy. Lab manager and team report to AQP manager. Position Qualifications Required Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Science or Business 5+ years of experience in a APQP Role in a design center or manufacturing operation 4+ years in a supervisory or management role. 5% - 20% U.S. and international travel. Preferred Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in Engineering (Mechanical, Electrical, Industrial, or similar) Master’s Degree 3 additional years of experience in a connector or electronics production facility 3+ year in an TS-16949 or VDA 6.3 registered organization Skills and Abilities: Must have an expert level knowledge of the necessary steps to insure the quality integrity of new products and process being launched in an electronics manufacturing environment Must be able to motivate a team whose members are approaching their full work limit Must be able to foster a positive and optimistic work environment even in the face of disagreement and challenging priorities Must have and promote a strong customer focus. Must cultivate a strong work relationship with people of diverse backgrounds and disciplines Excellent business communication skills with all level of employees. Excellent administrative and organizational skills. Working knowledge of MS Office tools (Excel, PowerPoint, Word, etc.) _About Molex…_ _Molex brings together innovation and technology to deliver electronic solutions to customers worldwide. With a presence in more than 40 countries, Molex offers a full suite of solutions and services for many markets, including data communications, consumer electronics, industrial, automotive, commercial vehicle and medical._