About The Executive Office of Technology Services and Security The Massachusetts Executive Office of Technology Services and Security is the lead technology and innovation agency at the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. EOTSS places our customers and constituents at the heart of everything we do. We provide modern and responsive digital services and productivity tools to more than 40,000 internal customers, including state agencies, business units and employees who provide essential information and services to the citizens of the Commonwealth. We directly serve our constituents by providing digital services and tools – such as Mass.gov – that enable taxpayers, drivers, businesses, visitors, families and other citizens to do business with the Commonwealth in a way that makes every interaction with government easier, faster, and more secure. Our Mission The Executive Office of Technology and Security Services mission is to provide secure and quality digital information, services, and tools to customers and constituents when and where they need them. Job Description EOTSS is experiencing a period of growth and substantial change. As we strive to improve the delivery of IT services, we are in need of an energetic, qualified IT leader for our Service Desk teams. The preferred candidate will be a key contributor in executing the strategic approach and operational management for the integration of our centralized Service Desk. The role is based primarily at the Massachusetts Information Technology Center (MITC) in Chelsea and will report to the Director of End User Services, Assistant Deputy Chief Information Officer (CIO) and the Deputy CIO. The Service Desk is the first point of contact for all technology issues for the Executive Branch, and is responsible for resolving issues over the phone, email, chat, or remote support technology. Unresolved issues may require triage and routing to the appropriate group within the organization. This position is responsible for ensuring that support interactions are coordinated, efficient and performed with a high level of client/customer satisfaction. This position also plays a key role in process and policy review. The Service Desk will consist of multiple teams including: Tier 1 Support, Advanced Technical Support (Tier 1.5), Password Reset Services, Account Management Services and the Service Desk Operations team (SDO). SDO will be responsible for Continuous Improvement using services including: Knowledge capture and transfer, Quality Assessment and improvement, Training of the Service Desk, Metrics and Reporting, and a “Shift-Left” approach to delivering support in the most efficient and effective manner. While operating 12x5 today, the Service Desk will evolve to 24x7. The Service Desk Manager will be responsible for providing leadership to design and deliver efficient and effective operations for End User Services for the Commonwealth. This includes developing and delivering the appropriate vision, strategy, planning, direction, priorities, performance objectives, coaching and measures of success for the organization. The successful candidate must be able foster a culture of service with the staff to help deliver a positive customer experience for users with diverse business needs. This individual must leverage coaching and feedback, collaboration, and performance measures to influence the team in delivering a common positive experience. The Manager will be responsible for the strategy, execution and continuous improvement of the underlying services to ensure operating metrics and service level agreements meet or exceed our commitments. Additionally, this role will lead in the effort to implement tools that streamline processes for end users with self-service options (self-service password reset) and improve the management of ticket volumes (chat, workforce management). The environment is currently decentralized across multiple organizations and operates with a variety of ITSM tools and levels of ITSM Process maturity. Success requires building a culture of service and leveraging tools and skills to move the team forward. This position requires an ability to motivate, develop a team of customer-focused service team members to reinforce a culture of service, accountability and innovation. This role requires advocate for the user by having a thorough understanding of the business and IT operations, always ensuring a positive experience for end users. This role requires an in-depth knowledge in managing call centers, including IVR, Queues, Workforce management, and requires creative problem-solving skills in dealing with complex business and IT challenges that cross multiple domains. This position will have 3-8 direct report leaders, and up to 100 total FTE. Primary Responsibilities Provide first contact resolution or effective triage and reassignment of all issues and requests Supervise, hire, train, and evaluate the performance of staff. Facilitate a collaborative environment with cross-training and staff development Develop policies and procedures to support a repeatable and customer-oriented service Create a knowledge management strategy to ensure repeatable and accurate solutions Envision and encourage automation and self-service solutions, empowering end users to diagnose and resolve problems independently Coordinate enterprise end user communications such as outage notifications Implement effective account administration and Request Management workflows Responsible for monitoring and reporting on SLA attainment, Ticket Inventory, and metrics trends Facilitate periodic reviews with internal customers for open tickets and prioritize as necessary Facilitate interaction between the Service Desk and other departments to foster positive communication throughout the organization Qualifications Desired Skills and Experience: 7+ years of leadership experience in a Call Center, Help Desk, or Service Desk environment, delivering on strategic objectives and focusing on continuous improvement efforts. Demonstrated ability to understand a vision and translate into practical actions steps and results 10+ years of leading teams in Customer Service or IT Service Management 5+ years of experience with workforce management planning 5+ years of experience working with IVRs, Queue management, and other telephony basics 4+ years of experience providing data and reporting of KPI’s, SLA’s, and trends 4+ years of experience developing Service and Business Level Agreements to set expectations and measure performance. Experience working in a unionized environment Demonstrated ability to remain calm under stressful situations Ability to create and maintain an inclusive team environment Demonstrated ability to continuously improve services and procedures Prior state government or public service experience is a significant plus Training & Certifications: Bachelor's Degree or an equivalent combination of education and work experience required ITIL Foundations certified or above preferred. PMI, Prince II Six Sigma or Lean Certification a plus HDI Customer Service Representative a plus Leadership Skills: Management experience managing and developing multiple teams Demonstrated ability to consistently achieve both short-term results and long-term objectives Excellent written and verbal communication skills; interpersonal and collaborative skills; with the ability to effectively relate and communicate at all levels, including explaining technical matters in business terms. Ability to be a champion for change and continuous improvement within IT and the business Willingness to take ownership of issues and ability to create and sustain a sense of urgency and accountability. Excellent day-to-day operating management skills — ability to execute coupled with a disciplined approach and an ability to effectively manage risk. Ability to lead through uncertainty and transition. Resourceful, flexible, and a critical thinker with strong problem-solving skills. Able to develop, motivate, and lead cross-functional and federated teams through difficult change. Experienced in building consensus and support and resolving enterprise-level governance issues in a large, multi-divisional, multi-location organizational structure. Proven record of success initiating and executing major business technology or IT change programs across a large and diverse customer base. Direct, motivate, and develop staff through coaching and mentoring to maximize individual contributions and personal development. This position will require limited travel by car First consideration will be given to those applicants that apply within the first 14 days. Please see Preferred Qualifications.