Slalom is a purpose-driven consulting firm that helps companies solve business problems and build for the future, with solutions spanning business advisory, customer experience, technology, and analytics. We partner with companies to push the boundaries of what’s possible—together. Founded in 2001 and headquartered in Seattle, WA, Slalom has organically grown to nearly 5,000 employees. We were named one of Fortune’s 100 Best Companies to Work For in 2016 and are regularly recognized by our employees as a best place to work. You can find us in 25 cities across the U.S., U.K., and Canada. Job Title: Cloud Integration Developer Our growing Integration Practice is looking for a self-driven individual with a “get it done” attitude and a passion to solve complex business and technology problems. This individual will translate business requirements into working solutions through building and delivering intelligent and robust integration solutions for Slalom clients. These solutions will leverage integration platforms where possible and extend the platform using custom code. Responsibilities: Work with architects to translate business requirements into well-designed integration solutions Participate in technical design sessions and develop detailed technical solution documentation that is aligned with client business objectives Develop, test, and document integration solutions, custom development, and data migration elements of business applications in the CRM, ERP, HCM domain Provide detailed estimates and work breakdown structure for assigned tasks Qualifications: 2+ years prior experience developing solutions on integration platforms; such as, MuleSoft, Boomi, CastIron, Jitterbit or similar products Bachelor’s degree in a technical discipline or equivalent industry experience Familiarity with business applications; such as NetSuite, Salesforce, Dynamics AX, Dynamics CRM, Workday, Ariba etc. Ability to develop and execute test plans to ensure a quality solution is delivered Ability to program in Java, JavaScript, C, .NET, SQL Experience with Tomcat, XML, JMS, WS-, SOA integration, and API Management technologies Passionate about cloud platform and solutions in SAAS, Digital and Collaboration space (e.g. Salesforce, Apptus, Steelbrick, Netsuite, Dynamcis AX, Workday, ServiceNow, Magento) Familiarity with multiple programming environments and tools Excellent written and oral communications skills Strong problem-solving and software triage skills with the ability to work cross-functionally in a fast-paced and rapidly changing work environment Demonstrated skills in helping negotiate priorities and resolving conflicts among project stakeholders (such as customers, product management, and engineering) Knowledge of QA processes and test-driven development Familiarity with agile software delivery methodologies such as Scrum Web services development experience Slalom Is An Equal Opportunity Employer And All Qualified Applicants Will Receive Consideration For Employment Without Regard To Race, Color, Religion, Sex, National Origin, Disability Status, Protected Veteran Status, Or Any Other Characteristic Protected By Law.