Join a high-performing, tight-knit team in a fast-growing startup working to make hiring more transparent, collaborative, strategic, and effective. The Customer Success organization at Lever holds deep product and recruiting knowledge and is growing quickly in response to the fast-growing list of Lever customers. As an Implementation Specialist, you will be on the front lines with our customers, understanding their recruiting organizations, learning about their goals, pain points, helping them get up and running on Lever, and guiding them along the way so they can achieve the best possible outcome using Lever. Bringing your 3-5 years of relevant experience to the table, you’ll work alongside our Sales team to ensure a smooth handoff, and take over as the primary point of contact for our customers from initial setup, provisioning, and training through their rollout and adoption of Lever. You’ll train our newest customers in targeted one-on-one sessions help them setup and configure their accounts; prepare and migrate their data; and advise them in the configuration and integration of their job site. We count an implementation as successful when our customer’s account is set up, their team is trained, and they are confident in their use of Lever to meet their recruiting goals. Implementation Specialists are product experts, effective communicators, highly motivated, organized, personable and persuasive. As an Implementation Specialist working with our SMB/Corporate Customers, you will be in a high-volume customer-facing role where you will have complete control of your pipeline providing one-on-one trainings to drive adoption and utilization of the Lever platform. If the words hustle, creativity, and persistence are often associated with you, then we want to hear from you. Our perfect coworker is smart, self-directed, persuasive, empathetic, high- energy, and passionate about helping our customers. It's critical that you are product-savvy and can quickly learn how to use new tools (including Lever). We are looking for someone who knows how to manage their time effectively and can easily prioritize the tasks in front of them. If this sounds like you, drop us a line! WITHIN 1 MONTH, YOU'LL: Jump into the support queue to answer 80% of basic customer questions quickly and efficiently without additional support. Learn pertinent internal tools (Google Apps, Slack, Intercom, Zoom, Salesforce, Zendesk, Lever). Dig into the recruiting world, quickly learning different recruiting team roles, interactions, activities, and metrics and how it all works with Lever. Pick up your first implementation and work, with guidance, to: assess needs, configure their account, train their team, set up their job site and coordinate the import of customer data. WITHIN 3 MONTHS, YOU'LL: Successfully implement accounts in 60 days or less. Be fully ramped up, managing up to 35 concurrent implementations and taking 15 customers live with Lever each month. Be fully versed in Lever tools keeping essential customer data organized and tracking all your interactions with customers. Become a subject matter expert in one aspect of Lever and the related recruiting activities, supporting other Implementation Specialists including building out training materials based on that subject. Create urgency, instill confidence, and provide fantastic customer service as you guide recruiting professionals through the initial setup, provisioning and their early adoption stage of Lever at their company. Successfully transform and import customer data into Lever. WITHIN 6 MONTHS, YOU'LL: Continue to manage a high volume of accounts post-sale, through the implementation process to ensure the successful adoption of Lever. Make emails/calls each day to drive urgency, engagement and utilization. Develop tactics to increase adoption and utilization within your pipeline. Meet and exceed monthly metrics and objectives. Drive conversations with recruiting professionals to identify and document real obstacles hindering their adoption of Lever – your insight will help drive changes and new features and improve future success. Provide input for overall implementation process improvements. Get involved in hiring and growing the team by evaluating/interviewing candidates. Help train new Implementation Specialists. Continuously learn and maintain your expert product knowledge as the Lever platform evolves and grows. Depending on your interest and performance, work with your manager to start progressing towards your next role: one as a Customer Success Manager, a Senior Implementation Specialist or a member of the management team. WITHIN 12 MONTHS, YOU'LL: Mentor new hires and teach best practices to lead the team towards future success. Deepen knowledge of tactics to increase adoption and utilization within your accounts and share across the team. Identify gaps within our processes, propose solutions and execute to continue raising the bar on the team. IS THIS ROLE NOT AN EXACT FIT? Sign up to stay in touch, we’ll let you know when we have new positions on the team. THE LEVER STORY Lever builds modern recruiting software for teams to source, interview, and hire top talent. Our team strives to set a new bar for enterprise software with modern, well-designed, real-time apps. We participated in Y Combinator in summer 2012, and since then have raised $73 million. As the applicant tracking system of choice for Netflix, Eventbrite, ClearSlide, change.org, and thousands more leading companies, Lever means you hire the best by hiring together. We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace committed to building a team culture that celebrates diversity and inclusion. Take an inside look into life at Lever.