Research Scientist Caltech Job Category: Fulltime Regular Exempt Overtime Eligible: Exempt Benefits Eligible: Benefit Based Caltech is a world-renowned science and engineering institute that marshals some of the world's brightest minds and most innovative tools to address fundamental scientific questions. We thrive on finding and cultivating talented people who are passionate about what they do. Join us and be a part of the diverse Caltech community. Job Summary The Zwicky Transient Facility (ZTF) is a new time-domain survey that had first light at Palomar Observatory in late 2017. With a 47 square degree field-of- view camera on the 48-inch Schmidt telescope, it is surveying the entire Northern sky every 3 nights, the Galactic Plane every night, and generating one million transient alerts every night. It is widely seen as a community precursor to the Large Synoptic Survey Telescope (LSST). We are seeking a highly motivated and independent individual to work on a science platform offering value-added services to address common activities in data access, analysis, and machine learning with ZTF data. There will also be opportunity for independent research related to ZTF. Job Duties Develop API-based services for common data activities Implement a time series database for photometry Assist with machine learning activities Present work in journals, meetings, and conferences Other duties as assigned Basic Qualifications A PhD in Astronomy or related fields At least 3 years postdoctoral experience Demonstrated programming expertise in Python Proven experience with large databases Preferred Qualifications Experience with web application frameworks Experience with large astronomical surveys Knowledge of machine learning Enjoys collaborative work in diverse team environment Required Documents Resume Cover Letter To be considered for this position please visit our web site and apply on line at the following link: https://hr.caltech.edu/work/job_openings _We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law._ Copyright ©2017 Jobelephant.com Inc. All rights reserved. Posted by the FREE value-added recruitment advertising agency jeid-fa477533d5ea614b9c0421ccbb2b9248