The Corporate Development team holds the reins to much of our worldwide growth. As a member of the Corporate Development Strategy and Scouting team, you will work collaboratively across internal functions (i.e., Product, Legal, Finance and People Operations) and external networks (i.e., investors, accelerators, incubators, service providers, and industry experts) to identify and evaluate both acquisition and strategic investment opportunities globally. You will provide the management team with the needed insight into markets, sectors and individual companies to drive intelligent, sound decision-making. You understand the industry landscape and trends, and harness them to enable product and deal teams to effectively formulate their Merger and Acquisition (M&A;) strategic investing approach. With an air of humility, you bring strong quantitative skills, strategic thinking, and sound business judgment, along with the ability to think about what is - and what could be. The Corporate Development team guarantees Google's worldwide growth by identifying the appropriate acquisitions and investments - and then working to make them happen. Consisting of experienced merger-and-acquisition leaders and integration experts, we're dedicated to identifying the business opportunities of tomorrow. We find and evaluate acquisition opportunities across existing and future markets, drive management team decisions, lead deal negotiations, and help manage post-acquisition integration and performance evaluation. Responsibilities Structure complex problems, gather and analyze massive amounts of information expeditiously, and deliver insights and recommendations to Google and Alphabet’s executive teams. Understand and stay current on various regional markets, industry trends, competitive landscape, and internal product development efforts; leverage this knowledge to help educate product teams and evaluate deal opportunities. Identify and engage potential M&A; or investment opportunities via personal and event networking, technology meet-ups, cold outreach and industry research. Build connections with investors and start-up ecosystems and industry experts. Build consensus among cross-functional teams, influence decision making within senior-level audiences, and drive management team decisions. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. 2 years of experience in management consulting, technology-focused corporate strategy function, corporate development, venture capital, private equity or investment banking in the technology industry. Experience with quantitative and qualitative analytics. Preferred qualifications: MBA. Strong project management skills, including demonstrated ability to think end-to-end, manage multiple long-term projects simultaneously and manage teams. Experience in Internet, communications or e-commerce. Relevant relationships and contacts in the technology industry and community. Excellent communication and presentation skills. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.