At realtor.com ( http://realtor.com/ ), data is very important to us and we have lots of it, in motion and at rest. Our goal is to use this data to make the home buying experience a breeze for our consumers. We empower them with the most up to date information on properties, and we help match our consumers with the most suitable realtors who are equipped to meet their individual needs. The Enterprise Data Team works on the coolest data projects and products that reports, predicts and affects the outcome - using data. This impactful role will promote the build-out and usage of the Customer data platform, data- driven decisions and data products for realtor.com ( http://realtor.com/ ), it's customers and partners. Additionally, this role will be part of the core team contributing to the design and development of realtor.com ( http://realtor.com/ )'s Marketing Data platform. Duties and Responsibilities: Define data processing patterns that will be needed in the ODS Marketing data platform. Build scalable systems, lead technical discussions, participate in code reviews, guide the team in engineering best practices. Must be able to write quality code and build secure, highly available systems. Design, develop, and deliver building blocks for Marketing products based on data and Market analytics Design, develop and orchestrate data pipelines for real-time and batch data processing for Marketing Cloud. Design and develop reusable components and frameworks for ingestion, cleansing, and data quality. Highly detailed with a systematic approach, sense of responsibility and strong, positive customer focus. Must be results focused and highly energetic to drive the defined team and organizational goals Collaborate with upstream sources and downstream consumers to come up with expandable data contracts Design and develop Rest APIs/ or web-service consuming clients for data push/pull for both upstream and downstream applications Help guide and grow the technical depth of junior members of the team. Collaborate with Enterprise System team, product owners, Scrum-master to refine and estimate stories/epics Be integral part of scrum team to deliver on commitments on time and with good quality. Analyze the business Problems and deliver the Optimal solutions using AWS Technologies. Education, Skills and Experience: Computer Science/Engineering Master’s degree or equivalent 5+ years experience in Data warehouse or Data Engineering. Proficiency with databases and SQL is required. Proficiency in Python or Informatica Cloud Experience with large scale data warehousing, mining or Market analytic systems. Deep understanding of Cloud technologies (preferably AWS services) Solid understanding of Detail oriented. Strong prioritization skills and sense of urgency Strong analytical and problem solving skills. Takes pride in efficient designs and accurate results Objectively analyzes the pros, cons, and the tradeoffs of a design path and helps the team to arrive at the most optimal solution, which may not be their own. Ability to work with Product and Sales Ops to gather requirements and translate them into data engineering taskS. Aptitude to independently learn new technologies. Effective team player. Honest and respectful of others Additional Preferred Skills: AWS Certifications Functional programming experience Familiar with agile development and sprints LI-JM2