Qualifications University student in their junior year in a Computer Science, Engineering or equivalent program; expected graduation date of December 2019 or May 2020. Or, currently completing your first year in a non-business, 2-year masters program and have less than 2 years of work experience Ability to structure and analyze data in appropriate framework (e.g., Excel, Access, VBA, SQL) Passion for data tools and processes to drive business insights Strong analytical thinking, process management and quality control Ability to quickly understand and appreciate underlying business context, problems and objectives of analytical projects Clear communication skills to run well defined analyses and produce reports Excellent time management skills Who You'll Work With For ~ 10 weeks over the summer, you’ll work with a technology team in one of our North America offices. You'll conduct full life cycle analysis of data sets in consultation with senior colleagues, including implementing data acquisition, cleansing, transformation and upload activities. You will work closely with Data Science, Product Management, Product Design and Scrum Master team members. Data Engineers are staffed on engagements or product teams and are expected to leverage expertise to solve some of the most pressing and complex issues at clients. Our internship program gives a group of undergraduate students and eligible graduate students first-hand experience with product development at McKinsey. You will participate in an introductory training program, as well as a range of social activities to get to know your office and the Firm. At the end of the summer, you may receive an offer to join us full-time after completion of your degree. Please review the team options and locations below to clarify your application preferences. McKinsey Analytics (Geospatial - Waltham; Healthcare Analytics & Delivery- New York, Waltham; Ingenuity - New York, Waltham; Pharma and Medical Products- New York; Public and Social Sector- New York, Waltham, Washington DC) You will apply an analytical, entrepreneurial mindset to foster innovation driven by analytics, design thinking, mobile and social by developing new products/services and integrating them into our client work. QuantumBlack \- ( Boston, Chicago, London) You will use math, stats and machine learning to derive key insights across various industry sectors including Formula 1, pharma, automotive and high-tech. Digital McKinsey \- ( New York City) You will work across industries and functions on projects spanning from IT modernization and strategy to agile, cloud, cybersecurity, and digital transformation What You'll Do You will provide analysis, analytical modeling, and/or visualization of data sets using relevant data tools. In this role you'll identify possible trends and patterns in the data, and communicate relevant findings that help support problem solving, insight generation and decision making. You'll apply your understanding of client data sets and intended use to effectively capture, validate, cleanse, transform and upload data. You'll perform quality checks to ensure consistency, integrity and robustness of data. You'll proactively identify potential issues (e.g., inconsistencies) with data quality, collection or reporting. You'll support solution delivery team, often remotely, in managing client data. You'll leverage standard reporting to clearly articulate findings to solution delivery team or client team. You will be responsible for coding and scripting (SQL) for automating data transformation and loading specified by delivery team. You will perform impactful data enrichment, based on understanding of the sector/industry and types of data that are available in the space. You will be expected to fully immerse yourself with a team of developers, designers, and agile coaches to transform our client’s technical processes, infrastructure, and end-user applications. During your ~10 weeks, experienced consultants and engineers will provide guidance and coaching and give you a sense of McKinsey's people, values, and spirit.