Overview The Data Architect III is responsible for designing and documenting logical and physical Enterprise Application (OLTP) and Data Warehouse (OLAP) databases and creating the related ETL Design Specifications and supporting documentation. This team member actively leads and participates in Data Governance Initiatives to support the GM Financial Enterprise Data Strategy across operational and analytical database environments. The Data Architect III leads and coordinates cross functional teams on a project basis to effectively communicate database design related activities with a wide range of technical, non-technical, and third party team members. This team member is also responsible for the publication and distribution of Enterprise and Data Warehouse data models and related documentation throughout the company. The Data Architect III searches for, identifies, and exploits opportunities to enhance Enterprise analytical databases using knowledge gained from experience and from an understanding of emerging methodologies. Responsibilities JOB DUTIES: Create and document logical data integration (ETL) strategies for data flows between disparate source/target systems and the Enterprise Data Warehouse. Perform a variety of in-depth data analysis, data modeling, and data administration tasks on complicated datasets with potentially complex data integration scenarios with limited supervision. Provide senior level guidance in the interaction with business users to plan, develop, improve, and maintain complex components of the logical/physical Enterprise Data Warehouse and related models. Establish, maintain, adhere to, and enforce Enterprise Data Modeling and Data Integration standards. Communicate with and/or interview users to plan, develop, improve, and maintain moderately complex components of the logical/physical corporate model. Work closely with BSA, business, and IT team members to clarify and refine functional data requirement specifications. Develop and present training materials such as data flow diagrams, conceptual diagrams, UML diagrams, ER flow diagrams as needed in order to clarify data model meaning and usage effectively to a wide range of technical and non-technical consumers. Work closely with Database Administrators and Data Integration (ETL) developers resulting in effective data driven solutions. Participate in the implementation of strategic Enterprise Data Strategies. Must drive innovations by keeping current on emerging technology and Data Trends which may fit with GMF needs. Must be able to research, present, and accurately articulate benefits and goals of these technologies, such as Big Data, Hadoop, NoSQL, Data Virtualization, Data Services. Participate in the proliferation of our Corporate Meta-Data Repository. Maintain and administer the Corporate Data Model Repository. Create Reporting as required on Corporate Data Model Repository. Provide functional advice or training and serve as a mentor to less experienced Data Warehouse Analysts. OTHER IMPORTANT DUTIES Act as liaison for vendor and company communication. Perform special projects as assigned/required. REPORTING RELATIONSHIP: Reports to: Assistant Vice President Data Architecture Direct Reports: None Qualifications Knowledge Thorough understanding and working knowledge of data modeling and extensive experience in modeling and fact-finding techniques. Must have strong knowledge of Relational Database Design, Dimensional Database Design, and Hub and Spoke Database Design. Data Vault Modeling preferred. Must have strong working knowledge of ERwin Data Modeling Software. Must have strong working knowledge of ETL and Data integration techniques. Informatica Power Center Preferred. Thorough knowledge of SQL. Hands-on experience in creation and usage of 3rd Normal Form OLTP Databases/ Models. Hands-on experience in creation and usage of ETL Design Specifications. Hands-on experience in creation and usage of Dimensional Models (Star Schema, Kimball, Inmon) Advanced understanding of Busing Intelligence Tools and both their functional and technical requirements. Cognos preferred. Must have working knowledge of at least one of the following Data Management disciplines: Data Vault, Master Data Management, Data Virtualization, SOA, XML, Web Services, or Hadoop or similar Big Data methodology. Must be highly intelligent, conceptual, display excellent judgment, and be capable of analyzing business and management problems. Must possess the ability to arrive at sound and effective business solutions Position requires proficient business knowledge in the subject areas being modeled. Skills Excellent Oral and Written Communication Skills. Advanced Analytical Skills. Must be able to recognize and identify Patterns in Data Relationships from Disparate Systems. Must have the ability to independently identify opportunities for improvement in Enterprise Analytical Databases. Must possess strong organizational, facilitation and critical thinking abilities, to assess complex problems, analyze options, navigate diverse perspectives and objectives and develop acceptable Data Management solutions Must have a strong work ethic, positive demeanor, and drive to see projects through to successful completion. Must have the ability to think logically and design data structures for applications. Must have excellent oral and written communication skills, and the ability to prioritize and handle multiple tasks and a heavy workload. Must possess the interpersonal skills necessary to lead and coordinate others to accomplish goals on complex tasks/ projects. Must be able to present information in a clear and concise manner to all levels of the organization. Must have the ability to work both autonomously and with appropriate collaboration among other team members and applying Data Management concepts to a variety of “real-life” business scenarios. Must be assertive and proactive and have the ability to bring out the best in others. Must have strong project management skills. Experience Minimum of Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent experience required. Minimum of 7 years overall experience in information systems is required. Preferred background experience in Application Development, ETL Development, Report Development and/or other Data Warehouse Projects. Minimum 5 years data modeling experience. Minimum of 2 years working with ERwin Data Modeler. Experience working within an Enterprise Data Management role including transactional Data, Analytical Data, and Data Governance/Administration. Experience with Oracle is highly desired. Strong experience with Data Modeling and Data Integration tools. WORKING CONDITIONS: Normal office environment, subject to stressful situations. Will require occasional overtime. Must be able to provide routine off-hours support from home. May require very limited travel.