At Little Caesars, we want to be everyday heroes to our customers by making their lives easier . We strive to be HOT-N-READY with perfectly made pizzas, where and when they need us. Ready for their little league teams – whether they win or lose. Ready for their first sleepover or their next all-nighter, romantic date nights and work extra late nights. Birthdays, Tuesdays, or any day when they need something good. For our store crews, field employees, corporate colleagues, and everyone who is a part of the Little Caesars family -- service isn’t what we do, it’s who we are. As a Business Analyst - Supply Chain your primary focus will be to provide dynamic analysis in all areas of both domestic and international supply chain for the Company. This includes, but is not limited to, LTO demand forecasting, inventory level analysis and reporting, commodity risk program, food & paper cost reporting and forecasting, macro and micro economic modeling, and presentation to small and medium groups. This position will handle sensitive and confidential information. Key Responsibilities: Preparation of demand forecasts for Limited Time Offers (LTO) to enable replenishment to make informed and accurate buying decisions. Prepare and distribute inventory level analysis within the organization to enable successful completion of days on hand reduction initiatives. Update daily/weekly/monthly reports and analysis on items such as food & paper cost forecasts, entry and tracking of daily/weekly/monthly market fundamentals in sectors such as dairy, meats, and grains. Support all aspects of the various commodity risk management programs, areas of risk management include cheese, wheat, soybean oil, corn, natural gas, and potentially pepperoni components and diesel. Evaluate market conditions, fundamentals, and reports, create and gain approval on risk management strategies, execute coverage, and report on coverage levels achieved. Establish and monitor new vendors in the consolidated sales and marketing program, making any corrections as needed in collaboration with procurement team. Review, monitor and contact as needed, vendors and consolidated sales and marketing members for memberships and rebates. Identify, research and implement innovative cost saving initiatives in the area of supply chain, purchasing, inventory control, freight, etc. Provide ad-hoc analysis to the international supply chain group and assist elsewhere when needed. Minimum Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: Bachelor’s degree with emphasis in Business, Finance, or Accounting. Equivalent experience may be considered in lieu of formal education. Without a Bachelor’s degree in Business, Finance, or Accounting this experience requirement increases to eight years. Minimum of three years of experience in one or more areas of forecasting, distribution, supply chain, inventory control, commodity marketing, etc. Demonstrated advanced skills in financial modeling with exceptional Excel spreadsheet experience and creating dynamic presentations using PowerPoint. Evidence of effective collaboration with vendors/suppliers. Demonstrated ability to analytically and statistically evaluate programs, sales and competitive trends, with working knowledge of the Consumer Price Index and other benchmarks. Strong written and oral communications skills with the ability to communicate/present complex financial information to both financial and non- financial oriented individuals. Previous experience in a position responsible for sensitive and confidential information. Evidence of highly organized, self-directed business style, with the ability prioritize and manage multiple, complex priorities. Ability to work independently and without direct daily supervision. Little Caesars offers an excellent compensation and benefits package including: medical/dental/prescription coverage, 401k with company match, on-site child care, adoption benefits, free parking and exciting sports and entertainment perks! In addition to Little Caesars Pizza, Ilitch companies in the food, sports and entertainment industries include: the Detroit Red Wings, Olympia Entertainment, Olympia Development, Blue Line Foodservice Distribution, Champion Foods, Ilitch Holdings, Inc., Little Caesars Pizza Kit Fundraising Program, and a variety of venues within these entities. Michael Ilitch owns the Detroit Tigers. Marian Ilitch owns MotorCity Casino Hotel.