Requisition ID: 190768 Work Area: Finance Expected Travel: 0 - 10% Career Status: Graduate Employment Type: Regular Full Time COMPANY DESCRIPTION SAP started in 1972 as a team of five colleagues with a desire to do something new. Together, they changed enterprise software and reinvented how business was done. Today, as a market leader in enterprise application software, we remain true to our roots. That’s why we engineer solutions to fuel innovation, foster equality and spread opportunity for our employees and customers across borders and cultures. SAP values the entrepreneurial spirit, fostering creativity and building lasting relationships with our employees. We know that a diverse and inclusive workforce keeps us competitive and provides opportunities for all. We believe that together we can transform industries, grow economics, lift up societies and sustain our environment. Because it’s the best-run businesses that make the world run better and improve people’s lives. Purpose: SAP engages 3rd Party suppliers/vendors to implement SAP software for SAP’s customers as well as for internal projects in North America. The 3rd Party Finance Associate will facilitate the external consultants’ data stream capture for revenue/cost recognition. This will require maintaining relationships with various internal and external stakeholders, such as the Field, Services Procurement, and Suppliers. Position Responsibilities: Manage vendor submissions in SAP’s Supplier Self-Service Portal (SUS) for contract compliance and data consistency. Support supplier inquiries regarding SUS. Work with internal stakeholders, including Client Partners, Project Managers, Market Unit (MU) Controllers, and other Field Representatives. Work with internal service teams, including regional Order Handling Specialists, Services Procurement, Accounts Receivables Analysts, as well as Regional Shared Services Centers (SSCs) in order to ensure data flows. Take a proactive approach in resolving issues for SAP stakeholders and vendors, manage vendor relationships, provide vendor reconciliations, and ensure timely payment of vendor payables within the parameters of the control environment. Assist in the financial close process, managing 3rd party invoice backlog, accrual management, and working with Market Unit Controllers. Provide KPI reporting assistance to management. Provide audit and control assistance to management. Assist with acquisition integration and IT initiatives (End-User Testing, etc.) as required. Ad hoc reporting and special projects as assigned by the manager. Basic Qualifications: Bachelors degree in a Business Administration or related field Advanced Microsoft Excel skills required Technology literacy skills required WHAT YOU GET FROM US Success is what you make it. At SAP, we help you make it your own. A career at SAP can open many doors for you. If you’re searching for a company that’s dedicated to your ideas and individual growth, recognizes you for your unique contributions, fills you with a strong sense of purpose, and provides a fun, flexible and inclusive work environment – apply now. SAP'S DIVERSITY COMMITMENT To harness the power of innovation, SAP invests in the development of its diverse employees. We aspire to leverage the qualities and appreciate the unique competencies that each person brings to the company. SAP is committed to the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity and to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team. (Americas:Careers.NorthAmerica@sap.com or Careers.LatinAmerica@sap.com, APJ: Careers.APJ@sap.com, EMEA: Careers@sap.com). Requests for reasonable accommodation will be considered on a case-by-case basis. Successful candidates might be required to undergo a background verification with an external vendor. EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability: Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their age, race, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status or disability. Successful candidates might be required to undergo a background verification with an external vendor. Additional Locations: