JOB SUMMARY: This position is responsible for providing parts support for Caterpillar and other vendors to customers and internal departments. This role is also accountable for maintaining / growing our professional positions in the markets WSECO serves by providing best in class parts consultation and customer service. This individual will be required to upsell parts opportunities by exhibiting an extensive knowledge of product offerings. This individual must work well with others, build effective rapport and relationships, listen well, and have the ability to learn new product, company, and industry knowledge. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: Manages parts inquiries over the phone and in person. Supports internal customers, such as Product Support Sales Representatives (PSSRs)/Inside Sales/Machine Sales/Service Department, and all external customers with parts pricing and quoting. Advises customers on substitution of parts when replacement is not available. Checks parts availability. Determines urgency of parts and decide most efficient way to meet customers’ needs; uses need-by dates effectively. Generates invoices and completes customer transactions by receiving payment from the customer. Processes, tracks and completes customers’ orders to exceed customers’ expectations. Pulls parts from inventory when needed. Ascertains part number; inspect worn, damaged, or defective part to determine customer need. Discusses features and benefits of alternative solutions (repair options) and offers those solutions to the customer (e.g., General Duty/Reman/Used). Keeps customers informed of new parts, services available, and dealer merchandising programs. Researches and orders parts from CAT and other vendors per customer/department request. Accounts vendor invoices through appropriate systems. Maintains accurate customer and equipment information in our systems. Advises customer of additional related parts (e.g., gaskets/seals/hardware). Participates and completes training as required and/or available. Adheres to all customer care standards. Actively cares and advocates safety at Western States. Adheres to all applicable safety policies, procedures and standards. May accomplish training and serve as a team member in support of Western States’ strategic programs, projects, and initiatives. Works within and promotes corporate vision, mission, and values of the organization. Performs other duties as assigned. Requirements KNOWLEDGE SKILLS AND ABILITIES: Expert knowledge of dealer systems. Expert technical knowledge of dealer product line. Expert knowledge of forklift and material handling equipment. Forklift operator certification. Ability to develop and maintain effective working relationships with others through Teamwork. Ability to travel occasionally when needed for training, meetings, etc. Ability to work overtime and on call. EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE: Proof of high school diploma or General Education Degree (GED). Minimum 4 years CAT Parts Consultant experience required. If internal, must have completion of assigned development plan. Must be able to communicate (speak, read, comprehend, write in English). PHYSICAL CHARACTERISTICS: Must be able to sit for long periods of time along with walking, standing, climbing stairs, reaching, pushing, pulling, leaning and twisting. Able to lift up to 60 lbs in accordance with Western States’ Lifting Safe Work Practice to include amount and approach. Must be able to meet all safety requirements for applicable safety policies. Disclaimer: The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees assigned to this classification. It is not intended be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required of employees in this classification. Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities. Please view Equal Employment Opportunity Posters provided by OFCCP here. The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor's legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c)