Job Description Ford Credit Digital Marketing Billing & Payment Solutions team is an exciting and fast-paced area. This space provides subscription, billing and payment solutions to Ford Credit consumers and Ford Smart Mobility’s non-Ford vehicle related mobility efforts. We are developing services to support launches in multiple regions over the next several years. You can join us in the fun of building solutions that provide new capabilities to Ford in the global market. Billing & Payment Services is a new team that is developing solutions that enables forward thinking businesses and customers to easily view invoices make payments. We are: A small team of passionate technologists Working in a fast-paced, high growth environment Laser focused on the “Three Cs” "Customers, Code, and Continuous delivery" Are you: Fascinated and want to learn more about financial tools and agile development practices? Interested in sharing knowledge and growing the team's expertise? Wanting to create a world-class financial product? Basic Qualifications: A Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or similar technical discipline 3+ years of experience with Java 2+ years of experience with Spring (any of the versions including but not limited to SpringMVC, JPA) 1+ years of experience with working in paired programming, test-driven development (TDD), and value-focused development Preferred Qualifications: 1+ years of experience in working with distributed systems, mobile, web, etc. 1+ years of experience with data persistence layers Strong communication skills, verbal and written Strong understanding of system and application performance tuning Knowledge of PCF cloud tools Knowledge of professional software best practices for a full software development lifecycle Experience with critical 24x7 systems Experience with data persistence layers The distance between imagination and …. Creation. It can be measured in years of innovation, or in moments of brilliance. And, it can be a road you start traveling right now. When you join Ford Motor Company, your journey begins. You become part of a team that is already leading the way, with ingenious solutions and attainable products – and it is always ready to go further. At Ford Motor Company, the distance between you and an amazing career has never been shorter. Join the Ford team today, and discover the benefits, rewards and development opportunities you’d expect from a diverse global leader. Candidates for positions with Ford Motor Company must be legally authorized to work in the United States. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship is not available for this position. Ford Motor Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status. Ford Motor Company also is committed to take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment such persons.