Job Description Thomson Reuters combines industry expertise with innovative technology to deliver critical information to leading decision makers in the financial, legal, tax and accounting and media markets, powered by the world’s most trusted news organization. Legal Tracker (formerly Serengeti) is a SaaS solution that helps our clients’ corporate legal department perform better. Legal Tracker is the most widely used spend and matter management solution in the corporate legal department market. This position is an opportunity to work in a fast-paced, exciting, and growth-oriented business within Thomson Reuters. Job Description The BI Analyst role will work cross functionally within the Legal Tracker Client Relations Group (CRG) to identify, create, report, and analyze strategic business data. The role will focus on optimizing business performance from problem identification to building actionable data insights and solutions. This role will also work directly with customers to negotiate high-value renewals. The ideal candidate is a problem solver with experience in building business intelligence solutions who can manage multiple time-sensitive projects with minimal direction and is motivated by customer success. Responsibilities: Capture, report and provide analysis on key business data Provide strategic insight on business and customer operations Work with cross-functional teams to drive simplification in deployed technologies Work with customers in negotiation of strategic client renewals Understand customer success trends and drive adoption of market leading customer-success initiatives Handle and identify priorities for multiple projects at the same time Assist in the growth of Legal Tracker and Thomson Reuters’ product and services business Qualifications Data visualization & reporting software experience (Power BI/Tableau/Etc.) Demonstrated experience delivering actionable insights from large and complex data sets Ability to understand and translate business and product questions into analytics projects Experience working directly with customers in a B2B environment Familiarity and comfort with technology and databases to develop an expert level understanding of the Legal Tracker product and the corporate legal department customer segment Project management skills, aptitude or experience Ability to manage multiple projects of varying complexity, scale and priority simultaneously Education: Bachelor’s degree required Advanced degree preferred At Thomson Reuters, we believe what we do matters. We are passionate about our work, inspired by the impact it has on our business and our customers. As a team, we believe in winning as one - collaborating to reach shared goals, and developing through challenging and meaningful experiences. With more than 45,000 employees in more than 100 countries, we work flexibly across boundaries and realize innovations that help shape industries around the world. Making this happen is a dynamic, evolving process, and we count on each employee to be a catalyst in driving our performance - and their own. As a global business, we rely on diversity of culture and thought to deliver on our goals. To ensure we can do that, we seek talented, qualified employees in all our operations around the world regardless of race, color, sex/gender, including pregnancy, gender identity and expression, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, disability, age, marital status, citizen status, veteran status, or any other protected classification under country or local law. Thomson Reuters is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer providing a drug-free workplace. Intrigued by a challenge as large and fascinating as the world itself? Come join us. To learn more about what we offer, please visit thomsonreuters.com/careers. More information about Thomson Reuters can be found on thomsonreuters.com. Locations Eagan-Minnesota-United States of America;Bellevue-Washington-United States of America