Preferred location is Tempe, AZ, but open to this role sitting in Redwood City, AZ or Fort Mill, SC Shutterfly seeks a highly experienced individual to develop an overall Operations Analytics roadmap and lead a team of business and data analysts that support Manufacturing, Supply Chain, and Customer Service functions. Collectively, this team compiles, analyzes, and interprets data to make strategic and tactical recommendations to operations managers. The director must build strong relationships with operations leaders and other support groups to ensure the long-term analytics strategy is coordinated with functional business needs. The Ops Analytics team supports everything from ad- hoc reporting and operational dashboards, to long-term analytical and statistical projects that will greatly influence the success of the entire organization. The successful candidate will be comfortable with advanced SQL, modeling and data mining techniques, and working efficiently with large datasets. You must be able to apply descriptive statistical data and present related recommendations clearly and concisely. You have technical skills, project management skills and the ability to multi-task and thrive in a fast-paced environment. You know and love working with business intelligence tools such as Tableau, Incorta, Cognos, and Excel. You attack complex business questions with curiosity, diving deep to find root cause and developing hypotheses to improve performance. You may collaborate with the technology group to define business requirements, perform user acceptance testing, and explore relevant new opportunities to improve our analytical capabilities. You can effectively communicate concepts and related strategy recommendations across diverse audiences. Job Responsibilities Collaborate with Operations leaders and IT to identify near and long term needs necessary to develop a world-class operations analytics competency at Shutterfly Serve as the subject matter expert in leveraging analytics abilities and technologies to understand business drivers, goals and actionable outcomes Act as consultant to define problems, provides insights as to what happened, and suggests opportunities to improve related performance and/or business outcomes Build out our analytical competence across Operations, empower the entire organization with self-service analytic capabilities Be a mentor, developing the skills of the entire team as data-savvy leaders who ask great questions and make informed decisions Own the maintenance of ongoing metrics, reports, analyses, dashboards, etc. to drive key business decisions Serve as Operations liaison to Data Warehouse and Corporate BI teams, ensuing Operations needs are defined and prioritized with the respective function Qualifications Bachelor's degree required (majors in Engineering, Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics, Finance or equivalent field strongly preferred) 8+ years of progressive experience in a related job function, including 3+ years of relevant management experience Subject matter expert with extensive experience using Tableau, Cognos, Excel, Access, SQL, and R or other scripting languages A history of teamwork and willingness to roll up one’s sleeves to get the job done Knowledge and direct experience using a diverse set of business intelligence reporting tools (Cognos, Tableau, Incorta, Domo, SSAS Cubes, Power Pivots etc.) Ability to intelligently integrate a wide range of data sources and analysis to answer core business questions and discover growth opportunities Deep analytical skills, strong out-of-the-box thinking and a curious mind Preferred Qualifications MBA or Master’s in a related quantitative field Working knowledge of statistical methodologies Experience in complex data analysis (model creation, what-if scenarios, A/B testing, etc.)