An Information Technology (IT) Engineer II is responsible for independently providing primary and secondary skilled technical services in support of installation, configuration, testing, integration, and ongoing support for City infrastructure requiring an in-depth knowledge of the City's platforms and environment in support of meeting availability and performance goals, and may lead medium to large sized projects. This class is responsible for one or more assigned technology areas and for meeting service expectations and customer commitments in those areas. The position is responsible for positively and actively participating in team training and demonstrating team skills learned by applying and reinforcing team principles in daily work with functional teams. Employees in this class are required to participate in team on-call support 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. This class also performs related duties as required and is FLSA exempt-computer professional. Business Intelligence & Data Analytics Assignment: The assignment provides business analytics services such as Business Intelligence (BI), research and analysis, analytics modeling, visualizations and dashboard creation for business units and shared enterprise services - supporting senior leadership with insights, management reports, and analysis for decision-making purposes. This role will coordinate with knowledge workers to understand information needs, and develop processes to handle structured and unstructured data, collected through various disparate sources. This position works closely with IT engineers, data analysts, and business units in helping interpret and use information effectively. About the Ideal Candidate for Business Intelligence & Data Analytics Assignment: Motivated self-starter with strong skills in SQL, Excel, data mining, unstructured information analysis, data modeling, visualizations, data warehousing, usability design, functional requirements analysis and business analytics. Ability to own the design, development and maintenance of ongoing information models, metrics, reports, and dashboards that are timely, accurate and actionable to improve decision making at all levels of the City. Highly proficient with written and verbal communication, customer service, teamwork, project leadership, report writing, and visual presentations. Preferred skills and experience with Power BI, Python or R, SQL Server Management Studio, GIS (ESRI), data management tools (Informatica or similar), and data translation tools (FME) are a plus. Considerable (3-5 years) experience in one or more of the following: data or business analytics, business intelligence, data management, BI modeling and visualizations, data integration, statistics, or equivalent role is preferred. QUALIFICATIONS & REQUIREMENTS: Employee Values : All employees of the City of Mesa are expected to uphold and exhibit the City's shared employee values of Knowledge, Respect, and Integrity. Minimum Qualifications Required. Any combination of training, education, and experience equivalent to graduation from an accredited college or university with a Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or a related field (example: Business Analytics, Business Intelligence, Data Analytics, Data Management, Data Science, Information Management, Mathematics, or Statistics). Considerable (3 - 5 years) computer systems experience in at least one of the following technical support areas: Applications, Database, Desktop, GIS, Network, Security, Server, or Web Support. LINK TO JOB DESCRIPTION: http://apps.mesaaz.gov/JobDescriptions/Documents/JobDescriptions/cs5244.pdf