S.F. Express , well established domestically, is continuing our drive as the premier leader in the express delivery industry. We place great value on people: employees, customers, service partners, and the community and we have a strong belief in Corporate Values which brings a strong working relationship. There are many opportunities for employees to nurture and secure their growth and development in the S.F. Express Group. If you believe that you have what it takes to succeed and grow with us then we want to talk with you. We are always looking for confident high-caliber individuals with passion and high adaptability in diversity. If you meet these criteria, then you can thrive with us. We are currently seeking a full time Cloud Solution Architect (Bilingual in Mandarin a plus) to join our growing team at our Hawthorne, California location. The Cloud Solution Architect (Bilingual in Mandarin a plus) is responsible for design and deploy secured cloud solution for US system to fulfill USA IT business requirement and user requirement. The Main Responsibilities of the Cloud Solution Architect are as follows.... Communicate within IT dept. to fully understand current system architecture and infrastructure. Maintain and manage current system Evaluate, design and implement AWS cloud infrastructure that can support current and future system use. Leverage AWS cloud and on-premise technology solutions to deliver a hybrid environment for varied services and workloads Implement and test applications based on technical specification Maintain deployed AWS cloud infrastructure to ensure the availability, reliability and security. Deploy application and maintain the availability, reliability and integrity Continuously improve deployed AWS cloud infrastructure to adapt changes Work with IT solution manager to propose and implement cloud solution for customers Requirements for the IT Software Developer Bachelor degree or higher on computer science or management information system 3 years or more experience on web application development. 2 years or more hands-on experiences on AWS cloud. Working in logistics industry is a plus Mandatory: AWS solution design, provision, migration, deployment and operation, Java, C, ASP.Net, .Net Core, HTML 5, CSS Optional: Azure Cloud, Angular, RabbitMQ, MongoDB, MS SQL server, Project Management Bilingual in Mandarin preferred Problem solving, system thinking, team work, learning and Mandarin speaking/reading/writing