ABOUT THE JOB The senior domain manager is a technical expert within the quality domain. This role drives the planning, delivery and execution of quality testing for large scale programs and manages all projects within a domain. Provides testing strategic oversight for a program or domain by introducing enhancements for testing execution & coverage. Manages and mentors the testing resources supporting the program or domain. Drives Testing Planning & Delivery Phases for a program or domain for multiple projects, including program/releases by ensuring the necessary testing deliverables and tasks are completed on schedule within budget. This includes ability to understand and to promote automation, test case enhancements, performance and security testing, test data and test environment opportunities. ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS Leads a program or all projects within a domain in a fast-paced, dynamic environment, which may include directing global sourcing resources as well as virtual teams. Projects are of a scope and complexity that usually impact multiple Lines of Business as well as functional areas, with executive sponsorship and in some cases a steering or advisory committee and may span several years. Executes on a clear direction and strategy for their domain and all of QAS. Defines and manages testing in these areas: scope, scope changes, objectives, requirements, deliverables, and value proposition that support the diverse business goals and interests of multiple stakeholders. Develops integrated testing plan; identifies and manages testing dependencies and critical paths; and tracks/reports testing milestones as well as status. Estimates resources needed to achieve testing goals; tracks utilization; determines and assesses need for additional staff and/or vendors; manages transition of on/off-boarding; and monitors/manages vendor performance as it relates to supporting testing.. Drafts and submits testing budget proposals and recommends subsequent budget changes where necessary; conducts cost forecasting and actual tracking as well as variance reporting. Identifies tracks, escalates and resolves testing issue conflicts; performs impact analysis and prioritization; manages dependencies and track/monitors; and escalates testing risk with corrective/ mitigating actions. Tailors testing methods and metrics; adheres to project lifecycle & QAS standards & processes, performs testing assessments/retrospectives; coach/ mentors teams; and manages testing deliverable reviews and testing sign-offs. Leads testing communication plan and drives the testing planning, execution and reporting with team members; liaises with key stakeholders. Reviews all the test deliverables, ownership of the quality assurance process for testing, responsibility for the integration of testing into release management and change management within the ITIL/ ITSM process framework, Communicates accurate status/health information to delivery Project managers and Delivery managers including escalation along with risks & mitigations in summary level. Ensures quality milestones/reviews are done on timely manner and making sure that Key performance indicators and service level agreements are being met and enforced. REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS Education/Certifications : Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent work experience required. Experience: 7+ years of leadership experience, 3+ years of increasingly complex project related experience managing large scale testing programs/projects in operations or technology in the quality assurance space. Knowledge and experience with standard project development/management methodologies and tools required with a focus in managing testing efforts. Knowledge and experience in the financial services industry a plus. Competencies and Skills: Proven leader with established reputation for presenting and gaining support for ideas/solutions. Proven demonstration of Key leadership competencies. Highly polished and confident communication ability; possess written, verbal and stand-up presentation skills. Adjusts communications to audience. Demonstrated ability to partner executive leaders and influence others towards a common goal or objective. Assesses and coaches to strengths and developmental needs of project team members and direct reports. Shares knowledge, insights, and experiences to help others develop. Thinks, plans and executes on multiple levels. Ability to influence and direct strategic QAS direction. Demonstrates critical thinking, problem solving and conflict management skills; ability to “connect the dots”. Demonstrated ability to lead a team through significant change. Experience with the following methodologies ALM, TDD, ATDD, and Agile/Lean. Knowledge of performance, and security testing techniques. Demonstrates a strong technical aptitude. Organized, self-disciplined, and leads others towards common outcomes. Clearly articulate vision for future state; provide big-picture view/ enterprise view; decisive and directive when necessary. Fosters and encourages frequent, open and honest feedback; learns from setbacks and mistakes to drive improvements; independently seeks out learning opportunities. ABOUT KEY: KeyCorp's roots trace back 190 years to Albany, New York. Headquartered in Cleveland, Ohio, Key is one of the nation's largest bank-based financial services companies, with assets of approximately $134.5 billion at March 31, 2017. Key provides deposit, lending, cash management, insurance, and investment services to individuals and businesses in 15 states under the name KeyBank National Association through a network of more than 1,200 branches and more than 1,500 ATMs. Key also provides a broad range of sophisticated corporate and investment banking products, such as merger and acquisition advice, public and private debt and equity, syndications, and derivatives to middle market companies in selected industries throughout the United States under the KeyBanc Capital Markets trade name. KeyBank is Member FDIC. ABOUT THE BUSINESS: Key Technology and Operations (KTO) is Key Bank’s shared services organization for technology, operational, and servicing functions supporting business partners and clients across all lines of business. Within the overall organization, KTO provides efficient, reliable and secure technology; creates an effective variable cost technology delivery model that maximizes the return on IT spend; orchestrates the efficient use of corporate information and technology assets; and supports innovation that creates competitive distinction. KTO is effective and efficient in payment and deposit servicing, loan servicing, exception and dispute processing, investment and support services, sourcing and procurement, as well as enterprise-wide fraud prevention, investigations and operational support to human resources and the Bank’s BSA/AML program. FLSA STATUS: Exempt KeyCorp is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer committed to engaging a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive culture. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status. JobID: 29552BR