Morgan Stanley is a leading global financial services firm providing a wide range of investment banking, securities, investment management and wealth management services. The Firm's employees serve clients worldwide including corporations, governments and individuals from more than 1,200 offices in 43 countries. As a market leader, the talent and passion of our people is critical to our success. Together, we share a common set of values rooted in integrity, excellence and strong team ethic. Morgan Stanley can provide a superior foundation for building a professional career - a place for people to learn, to achieve and grow. A philosophy that balances personal lifestyles, perspectives and needs is an important part of our culture. Morgan Stanley's Institutional Securities Group (ISG) is a remarkably broad and diversified business. We provide institutions with almost every kind of financial product and service across the world's major markets. Whether you're interested in planning complex deals; trading on the moment-to-moment movements of the capital markets; analyzing the financial needs of a company or a wealthy family, Morgan Stanley is the place to be. The Institutional Equity Division (IED) is a global leader in the origination, distribution and trading of equity, equity-linked and equity-derivative securities. The Firm’s equity Sales & Trading operations provide liquidity, distribute content, and create product solutions to help our clients generate alpha. The Equity Financing Products department acts as a strategic partner to more than 800 top hedge fund managers: executing and clearing trades across asset classes, time zones, and currencies; providing financing and expertise to help manage risk and benefit from technology; and consults to help launch new funds and connect with them potential investors. Strategic Content Group Description: The Strategic Content Group is a client-focused research function within the broader Prime Brokerage division. Our team aims to establish Morgan Stanley Prime Brokerage as an industry thought leader among both hedge funds and institutional investors (e.g. pensions, endowments, foundations, etc.). We create proprietary hedge fund research and content with the purpose of increasing and retaining client market share. Our research primarily focuses on the following areas: Risk Analysis – analyze leverage levels, crowding/position overlap, trading flows, tail-risk protection Industry Performance – decompose drivers of returns, provide environmental and historical context Institutional Investor Sentiment and Flows – coordinate with Capital Introductions team to dissect trends among hedge fund allocators Data / Business Intelligence Analyst Description: The Prime Brokerage Strategic Content Team is looking for a talented, creative, highly motivated candidate to help enhance and expand our data analytics capabilities. The candidate will focus primarily on quantitative analysis and data manipulation / visualization in order to aide in the production of meaningful market insights that are distributed both internally and externally. External recipients include chief investment officers, portfolio managers, head traders, analysts, risk officers, and others. The majority of the candidate’s time will be spent navigating multiple internal and external databases, compiling / analyzing data and creating data visualizations, and testing relationships between internal data and market behavior. The candidate will use their technical & analytic skills to focus on enhancing and developing processes which take advantage of the breadth of our datasets. The candidate will be expected to interact predominately with our Technology counterparts, as well as internal Prime Brokerage partners. Required Skills: Computer Science, Math, or Engineering background Experience with analytics packages and programming skills in Tableau, SQL, VBA, Python, etc. Strong quantitative, analytical, and problem solving skills Strong attention to detail Strong communication skills Ability to work seamlessly on multiple projects Excellent judgment and strong work ethic Desired Skills: 2-3 years work experience preferred Working knowledge of Finance and markets Strong working knowledge and practical experience with probability and statistics / econometrics as well as experience with portfolio performance and / or risk analysis. Some knowledge of statistical software packages (e.g. Matlab, R, SPSS, Stata, SAS) would be helpful Knowledge of Bloomberg/FactSet a plus