Looking for the next step in your career? Enjoy a challenge? Do you have an ambition for innovation? Want to make a difference? If you join our growing global team, you’ll be working for an industry leader with offices across five continents, in over 47 countries and more than 28 000 employees. You will work with some of the leading world brands across the Fortune 100 and Fortune 500 companies – who are all relying on Dimension Data to help them use the power of technology to achieve their ambition in this digital era.You’ll be part of a team who’s passionate about making a difference to the way technology shapes how we live and work – whether it’s protecting the rhino, connecting the G20 Summit, or revolutionising cycling, giving you the opportunity to do great things. You’ll be joining a Global Top Employer, recognised for investing in talent because people are at the heart of our success. You provide the skills, passion and ideas, and we’ll provide the platform to realise your ambitions.Great talent. Great teams. Great work. Great opportunities. Want to be part of our team? The primary objective of this position is to create strategies and plans that define how existing and emerging technology should be utilized to support an organization's overall business strategy. They develop and maintain knowledge of evolving trends in one or more emerging technology areas (e.g. Cloud, Mobility, Analytics, etc.) and apply these to define opportunities for client organizations to deliver new business capabilities, profitable business growth and competitive cost efficiencies. The CS Principal Business Consultant engages with senior stakeholders (e.g. Senior Business and Senior IT and Buyers) in existing Dimension Data key accounts and new accounts and is a domain expert with strong business acumen. The CS Principal Business Consultant also works with the relevant internal stakeholders and leverages their knowledge around technology and provides information to these stakeholders that will enable successful engagement with the client. These individuals require deep domain expertise or specialisation in at least one or two areas and/or cross business unit architecture knowledge. What you'll be doing Problem identification and analysis They identify the most important client IT issues, and maximize business value by conducting rigorous analyses and developing strategic multiyear roadmaps (sometimes in collaboration with the Enterprise Architect vertical expert) within their domain of specialisation that address these issues. This employee will use their excellent client engagement skills to ensure the identification and analysis of client problems and opportunities for improvement and work closely with the relevant internal stakeholders to consider the appropriate and innovative solutions to solve these problems. They conduct business diagnostic studies and assess functional areas of the information technology sector. Business transformation initiatives and solutions These individuals take responsibility for the completion of the required documentation relating to a business transformational initiative. This includes the development, maintenance and communication of technology roadmap documents and business cases. They understand how IT services use applications and how these can be used to transform business and translate these into a solution for implementation by the relevant internal stakeholders. The CS Principal Business Consultant will provide the end to end solution set to enable the client’s business transformation. They search for innovative solutions that will lead to business development initiatives for Dimension Data and continuous improvement enhancements for the client. Co-ordination of the solution implementation The CS Principal Business Consultant takes responsibility for the visionary integration of the solution by orchestrating the internal co-ordination of the solution implementation. They continuously drive for client satisfaction and brief and introduce the consultant experts, ensuring the completion of assignments. These individuals need to follow-up and close out on the agreed business upgrade plan. Practice Management CS Principal Business Consultants remain abreast of current trends and best practices in the area of expertise by attending technical conferences. They have the ability to integrate all the domains of applications architecture. Consulting They demonstrate a strong command of consulting skills through their ability to successfully apply the Dimension Data Consulting Services methodology to increasingly complex consulting engagements. In addition, they have knowledge of project management principles and they ensure that projects with clients are executed accordingly. Business development They provide their engagement and subject matter expertise in supporting the internal stakeholders in proposal development and other business development activities. They work proactively with sales to look for additional business opportunities to address client requirements and continuously search for creative solutions to address the client’s business needs. Behavioural skills These employees are very assertive in their approach and display excellent client engagement skills and strategic thinking ability during both the presales and delivery phases of an engagement. They use their expertise and skills to ensure technology solutions and agreements meet both client and business objectives. They have proven leadership ability and they are able to articulate ideas to both technical and non-technical audiences. They possess excellent communication skills (both verbally and written) and interpersonal skills and employ these skills to interact with a variety of stakeholders. They have superb problem solving and analytical skills and are detail orientated. They are able to think creatively and devise innovative solutions to business problems. Required Work Experience: At least 15 years' experience in a consulting and senior IT role within a large scale (preferably multi- national) technology services environment What would make you a good fit for this role? Join our growing global team and accelerate your career with Dimension Data. Apply today. Diversity in Dimension Data Dimension Data is an equal opportunity employer with a global culture that embraces diversity. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be unfairly discriminated against on any arbitrary ground including race, colour, sex, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, gender identity, sexual orientation, or other protected category.