Job Description: Plan & execute optimization campaigns, including the definition of test goals, ROI, tracking metrics, sample size, and campaign duration. Collect and analyze data from multiple sources to evaluate success of optimization efforts, develop insights into customer behavior, and evaluate the effectiveness of existing metrics. Generates hypothesis, solicits ideas from stakeholders, and work from a testing roadmap to ensure campaigns are run on time and without conflict. Communicate the results of optimization program to a broad audience of stakeholders and executives. Partner with UX, Design, Development, and stakeholders in the production of campaign assets. Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree or higher in business, psychology, computer science, sociology, or a closely related field. 3-5 years online experience with a focus on web analytics and/or optimization and direct involvement with A/B/MVT testing Deep understanding and practical application of enterprise-wide Web Analytics tools such as SiteCatalyst, Coremetrics, etc. as well as a working understanding of Tag Management solutions such as Ensighten. Experience using g or a similar A/B/MVT platform Experience running multiple MVT & A/B tests simultaneously. Strong knowledge of web basics such as HTML, JavaScript, CSS, URL structures, etc Ability to understand user and task flows through a high volume transactional site with rich functionality. Experience in onsite search, transactional eCommerce functions, eService management, and external traffic management. Ability to identify, troubleshoot, and resolve test implementation and reporting problems. Solid understanding of statistics related to hypothesis testing – in particular determining statistical relevance and confidence in results. Proven track record building solid relationships with the diverse resource groups (executives, UX designers, developers, analysts) involved in the test lifecycle. Company Profile: As America’s Un-carrier, T-Mobile US, Inc. (NASDAQ: “TMUS”) is redefining the way consumers and businesses buy wireless services through leading product and service innovation. The company’s advanced nationwide 4G and 4G LTE network delivers outstanding wireless experiences for customers who are unwilling to compromise on quality and value. Based in Bellevue, Washington, T-Mobile US provides services through its subsidiaries and operates its flagship brands, T-Mobile and MetroPCS. For more information, please visit http://www.t-mobile.com EOE Statement: We Take Equal Opportunity Seriously - By Choice T-Mobile USA, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All decisions concerning the employment relationship will be made without regard to age, race, ethnicity, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, marital status, citizenship status, veteran status, the presence of any physical or mental disability, or any other status or characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law. Discrimination or harassment based upon any of these factors is wholly inconsistent with our Company values and will not be tolerated. Furthermore, such discrimination or harassment may violate federal, state, or local law.