Description: Phoenix - AZ, PHX8040, 8040 South 48th Street, 85044 Tammie Raven 20180531-3653 We believe that , when done right, investing liberates people to create their own destiny. We are driven by our purpose to champion every client’s goals with passion and integrity. We respect and appreciate the diversity of our employees, our clients, and the communities we serve. We challenge conventions strategically to create value for our clients, our firm and the world. We live and bring to life the concept of ‘own your tomorrow’ every day. We champion our employee strengths, guide their development, and invest in their long-term success. We hire optimistic, results-oriented, curious, innovative, and adaptable people with the desire to help our clients and one another succeed. As a company, we were established by Chuck over 40 years ago to champion Main Street over Wall Street, and to help Americans transform themselves from earners to owners. Through advocacy and innovation, we work to make investing more affordable, accessible and understandable for all. As we enter our fifth decade, we are looking for talented, innovative and driven people who believe they can help themselves, and our clients, create a better future. Our Opportunity: Schwab Advisor Services, a division of Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. is the leading provider of custody, trading, technology, and operational support to registered independent advisory firms (RIAs). In addition to custody services, Schwab Advisor Services provides practice management and consultative support to help independent advisors start, build and grow their businesses. Advisor Services works with more than 7,000 independent investment advisory firms with ~$1.5 trillion under management. The Service and Technology Strategy Integration organization ensures technology priorities across the enterprise meet the most pressing needs of advisors and that the service delivery model including its systems, workflows and people are integrated with technology to provide AS clients with a robust and holistic custody experience. The mission of this organization is to deliver a well-adopted core custodial platform and modern client service experience on an accelerated course that fuels firm growth and retention while creating business efficiency and scale. The Technology Adoption and Enablement team deploys solutions that evolve the client experience, whether through client facing platforms or programs or technology used by service teams supporting Independent Advisors. Technology Adoption and Enablement is a strategic priority and is a core tenet of Advisor Services’ digital priorities. The team is responsible for accelerating advisor adoption and service acumen of digital solutions – from building new client facing strategies and tools to developing staff to deliver a proactive and consultative experience to clients. The work starts with identifying client needs and building strategies all the way through the implementation and maintenance of new programs, tools and resources. The Technology Adoption and Enablement team works with leaders across Advisor Services to: Envision a strategic approach that brings together cross-functional teams and competing priorities Understand the advisor experience and adoption roadblocks to design and execute an effective technology adoption program Drive innovation to solve challenges, championing new ideas and tools What you’ll do: The Managing Director, Technology Adoption and Enablement will lead a team to drive forward the use of technology in Advisor Services. The constituents in this work includes AS clients as well as client-facing groups that make up the service delivery model. Success in this role includes working with clients to understand technology adoption needs, developing the strategy that will guide business priorities across key business partners, and leading cross-functional teams to achieve timely and impactful results. Responsibilities include oversight over two strategic priorities: Advisor Platform Adoption: Develop a strategy that leverages analytical insights to ensure technology investments result in value for clients and internal teams. Use the voice of the client to bring new, modern tools to advisors in support of technology adoption goals Work with client-facing business leaders to develop an approach that effectively engages and drives change amongst the highest opportunity Advisors Evolve data and reporting capabilities to meet the needs of a dynamic and transparent organization ensuring broad awareness and understanding of adoption progress, opportunities and barriers. Service Technology Enablement: Evolve the approach to technology training and enablement to ensure the 500+ personnel in the service organization are technologically strong Build intuitive resources and processes that results in confident use of desktop systems, including knowledge and use of monthly systems and tool enhancements Actively partner with leadership to drive change management and positive feelings toward new technology Cultivate strong partnerships to advocate for client and service teams needs _To achieve these outcomes, the Managing Director will need to:_ Build, mentor, and lead a highly engaged team to deliver impactful results Demonstrate leadership in decision-making to drive the business forward in order to achieve the team’s goals and objectives. Maintain relationships with business partners to achieve shared outcomes Demonstrate thought leadership through fact-based recommendations and active participation on technology initiatives Present results and recommendations through ongoing leadership forums on technology adoption Manage all projects to timely completion, with regular updates to key stakeholders What you have: 10+ years of experience in business strategy or a leadership role in client experience Strong business acumen and intellect, including a demonstrable understanding of how analytics and data are used for business problem-solving Experience in financial services; experience working with technology preferred A passion for creative problem solving and an ability to energize peers and leaders to embrace new ideas and concepts Proven track record of building effective working relationships and influencing executives and stakeholders Ability to prioritize work, hold peers and team accountable and influence partners at multiple levels to drive work forward Strong written and verbal communication skills, including the ability to research, synthesize data, develop recommendations, and influence partners A bias for action and the ability to overcome ambiguity, and other obstacles to successfully serve multiple constituents to achieve meaningful results Ability to manage projects effectively and on time Ability to multi-task and prioritize a number of time-sensitive assignments Comfort in a dynamic and fast-moving work environment A ‘can do’, results-oriented approach to business MBA preferred or similar combination of education and experience required You demonstrate these behaviors: Fostering Innovation : Developing, sponsoring or supporting the introduction of new and improved methods, products, procedures, or technologies. Strategic Thinking : Analyzing an organization’s competitive position and developing a clear and compelling vision of what the organization needs for success in the future. Managing Change : Demonstrating support for innovation and for organizational changes needed to improve the organization’s effectiveness; supporting, initiating, sponsoring, and implementing organizational change; helping others to successfully manage organizational change. Influencing Others: The ability to gain others’ support for ideas, proposals, projects, and solutions. Technical Expertise : Depth of knowledge and skill in a technical area. Decisiveness : Willingness to make difficult decisions in a timely manner. What you’ll get: Comprehensive Compensation and Benefits package Financial Health: 401k Match, Employee Stock Purchase Plan, Employee Discounts, Personalized advice, Brokerage discounts Work/Life Balance: Sabbatical, Paid Parental Leave, New Mothers returning to work Program, Tuition Reimbursement Programs, Time off to volunteer, Employee Matching Gifts Program Everyday Wellness: Health and Lifestyle Wellness Rewards, Onsite Fitness Classes, Healthy Food Choices, Wellness Champions Inclusion: Employee Resource Groups, Commitment to diversity, Strategic partnerships Not just a job, but a career, with an opportunity to do the best work of your life Learn more about Life@Schwab. Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer committed to diversifying its workforce. It is Schwab's policy to provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), gender identity or expression, national origin, ancestry, age, disability, legally protected medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, military status, citizenship status or any other status that is protected by law. Schwab also does not discriminate against applicants or employees because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. At Schwab, we believe that every employee, through their diverse abilities and experiences, can contribute to our growth, innovation and client loyalty. We embrace diversity and are committed to providing equal opportunity to all employees and applicants. If you have a disability, and require reasonable accommodations in the application process, call Human Resources at 800-725-3535. We will be happy to assist you. Schwab will only share your accommodation request with those individuals who have a specific need to know. The request for an accommodation will not affect Schwab's hiring decisions. All other submissions should be performed online. Job Specifications Relocation Offered?: No Work Schedule: Days Languages: English - spoken Current Licenses / Certifications: None Relevant Work Experience: Financial Services-6+ yrs, Analyst/Strategy-6+ yrs, Brokerage Operations-6+ yrs Position Located In: AZ - Phoenix Education: BA/BS Job Type: Full Time Category:Brokerage Operations & Trading Activation Date: Friday, July 27, 2018 Expiration Date: Monday, August 27, 2018 Apply Here