Dental Marketing and Management Group (DMMG) is seeking a solid SQL DBA that will perform Operational SQL DBA functions as well as some ETL code break / fix and development utilizing SSIS. DMMG is a fast paced growing environment that is looking for someone to enhance and own our SQL environment. The right individual will design, build and maintain our Data Warehousing environment as well as our Microsoft SQL OLTP and OLAP databases in development, testing, and production environments and will administer and support third-party vendor databases. Writes database code (stored procedures, scripts, triggers) and Integration Services packages for standalone use or for use by application programs. Implements and maintains adherence to accepted security standards. Oversees the stabilization and performance optimization of production databases. Functions as a Subject Matter Expert on database development. The ideal candidate would also possess the ability to design, develop, test and deploy SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) Reports. Education & Experience Required: Bachelor's Degree in Business Administration, Computer Science,Mathematics, and Engineering or related field with programming and database systems coursework or equivalent database administration experience. 7-10 years as a SQL Database Administrator with progressively higher-level experience leading to a Senior Database Administrator role or equivalent Experience with all facets of the SQL Server Services group: Database Services, Reporting services (SSRS), Integration Services (SSIS) and Analysis Services (SSAS). Version 2008 R2 or higher. Must have Senior SQL Data Warehousing Skills with the ability to gather requirements, architect Data Model, Dictionaries, data flows assisting with analytics and reporting. Requires SQL development experience and experience with T-SQL Design and implement BI architectures based on the business, data and functional requirement Develop, maintain, document and manage BI Solutions Ensure solution designs address performance requirements, reusability, availability, integrity, security challenges, and business functional requirements Understand the source data components and how they integrate with each other which might be both relational and dimensional Interact with the end-users and business leaders to understand business needs Provide technical guidance to end-user to best address business functional requirements Knowledge of Visual Studio 2008 and Team Foundation Server (TFS) Experience working with API’s and higher level programming languages, such as C, preferred Key Responsibilities: Responsible for the full life cycle of all Microsoft SQL database platforms. Plans, designs, develops, and maintains SQL databases in development, quality assurance, and production environments. Reviews project requests and provides cost, design, and work estimates. Designs, recommends and promotes implementation of required database structures. Develops and applies procedures relating to database and application security. Monitors access time performs validation checks and uses other methods to monitor and analyze database performance and ensures acceptable performance. Develops and applies procedures for adhoc and regularly scheduled database backups and configures databases to support individual recovery models. Provides database restores and advises on long term storage of backups. Performs security related functions centered on NIST compliance including, automated scan reviews and remediation of vulnerabilities.