The Merchandise Strategy Analyst is a well-rounded, high-potential individual that is naturally curious and driven to define and solve problems. This role will mine data, analyze results and drive continuous improvement across the Merchandising organization. Ideal candidate will have cross-functional experience. Expertise in data mining, analytics and problem solving. Thrives in a fast-moving, ambiguous environment. Ability to autonomously manage multiple projects and deadlines. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES / CORE ACCOUNTABILITIES Data analysis Take complex datasets and transform into results that highlight business opportunities. Problem solving When given report results or data that seems inconsistent, work back to the beginning of the value stream to identify all causal errors or gaps. Data mining Use of SQL or Tableau to extract appropriate data and aggregate in relevant ways. QUALIFICATIONS 3-5 years experience in analytics, consulting, investment banking or similar business role. Bachelors degree in business, economics, mathematics, engineering or equivalent. Exceptional analytical, problem-solving and interpersonal skills. Outstanding attention to detail and drive to deliver results. Strong SQL experience desired (or ability to master quickly). Comfortable dealing with large sets of data. Strong written and verbal communication ability. Ninja Excel and PowerPoint skills required. zulily is an Equal Opportunity Employer zulily participates in E-Verify. zulily will provide the Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) with information from each new employee's I-9 to confirm work authorization. Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. You may reach us at (206) 388-0920.