LOCAL CHILDCARE CONSULTANT — CULTURAL CARE AU PAIR Multiple Openings - North Bend, Renton, Lake Tapps, Mount Baker, Bainbridge Island, Columbia City, Ranier Valley Make a positive impact in your community! Cultural Care Au Pair helps families across the country secure childcare that provides flexibility, trust and cultural exchange. Joining our team of Local Childcare Consultants (LCCs) is a fantastic and flexible role for someone who enjoys taking a proactive and collaborative approach to their work, connects quickly with others, can think on their feet, and has a true passion for cultural exchange. You’ll join a team of charismatic and dedicated childcare professionals, and benefit from all the resources and support you need to make each match between a family and their au pair into a success story. “I see being an LCC as a way of opening yourself to the world and constantly redefining what we call ‘normal’. Cultural exchange expands lives, communities and families in so many ways—emotionally, physically and mentally.” —MICHELLE GRAY, LCC IN MASSACHUSETTS “I’ve been an LCC for a long time—it continues to be enjoyable because of the infinite variety of interesting personalities and relationships that the program brings together. It will always be inspiring to help facilitate these relationships.” —DIANE STUART, LCC IN MARYLAND Your day-to-day as an LCC: Providing support for both the host families and au pairs during their hosting experience Conducting host families interviews and verification of references to be a part of the program Hosting monthly au pair meetings and host family day conferences Connecting with au pairs upon their arrival to the U.S. Communicating with host families monthly Ensuring we are recruiting quality families with reasonable program expectations Enforcing U.S. Department of State regulations Initiating grassroots marketing efforts to grow the au pair program This role is a W-9 independent contractor opportunity. In this flexible and rewarding role, you have the ability to earn monthly stipends, commissions, and domestic or international travel. LEARN MORE Let us know you’re interested and share a bit about yourself!