POSITION PROFILE Shift: 9 AM to 6 PM Central Provides operations functions in one or all of the following areas: operates duplicating equipment, performs associated copying tasks, scanning equipment, operate low to mid volume mail processing equipment. Ships and receives product and supplies, sorts, distributes and handles incoming and outgoing mail/faxes, as well as applies necessary postage. Provides copier maintenance and first call response for customer site equipment. May also perform one of the following at entry level: bindery, Quality Control and final check, housekeeping, file services, call center representative, etc. This position reports directly to the Site Manager, Site Supervisor or Assistant Site Manager, depending on site personnel configuration. JOB DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Operate MS Office and Email systems Perform basic scanning responsibilities Ensures convenience copiers are working properly, checking for quality via daily inspections. Clears paper jams and informs technicians of specific problems. Maintains records for management reports and inventories of supplies needed. Distributes office supplies, fax transmissions and mail to company personnel and/or designated drop-off points as required. Performs furniture/conference room set up Performs Fulfillment functions Calculates charges for jobs performed and maintains logs. Responds to and coordinates all service calls required by customer. May perform filing duties in conjunction with specific customer requests. Delivers completed jobs to pre-determined customer locations within and outside of the site. Maintains daily meter and service logs. May travel between customer's buildings. Answers customer questions regarding status or feasibility of job requests. Ensures upkeep of convenience copier areas by keeping neat and well stocked. Performs duties related to the shipping and/or receiving of materials in a mailroom type environment Uses shrink-wrap machine, paper cutter, hole driller, bindery equipment, jogger, tape machine, stackers, electric stapler and scales in completion of various jobs contracted. Uses all copier equipment, calculator, fax machine, postage meter and some PC. Performs filing duties, which may include 'purging' and archiving old documents. Understanding of Ricoh Services Portfolio & Technology Performs other duties as assigned. QUALIFICATIONS (Education, Experience, and Certifications) Typically Required: Requires high school diploma, GED, or equivalent work experience. Some related copy job experience is preferred. May require a valid driver's license and minimum levels of auto insurance coverage per Ricoh policy. Demonstrated competency in basic computer skills including proficiency in MS Office Suite. Ricoh is an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer - Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled.