JOB SUMMARY: $19.00- 20.00/hr. Part-time position (30 hrs) per week! This non-exempt position works under direct supervision of the Records Supervisor/Manager and assists in processing file requests from Secretaries, Paralegals, File Clerks and Attorney’s. Quality checks the classification of files created by firm Secretaries and/or Paralegals, label boxes for off-site or internal storage. Updates Elite 3E file locations for integration to off- site storage areas or firm approved storage areas (file cabinets, shelves and work rooms). The Records Clerk is responsible for maintaining records in Elite 3E Records Manager software to ensure records accurately reflect information for current location, storage and/or retrieval. The Records Clerk is also responsible for collecting material designated for shredding and making such material available to vendors for scheduled pickup. Essential Duties Edit existing barcode file labels in the Elite 3E Records Management database and reprint the label if needed especially for legacy labels that do not have a bar code. We have the ability to edit file label descriptions and formats - Records clerks do not have the ability to change the client/matter number, name of the client or name of the matter. Ensure compliance of Firm Records Management Policy and Records Department Procedures. Ensure all administrative and client files and records that are no longer needed (determined by Attorney’s, Paralegals, Secretaries and other Department heads) by internal users are picked up at a scheduled time and returned to the Records Center for processing, pickup by off-site storage or for internal storage. Live inventory updates: Records Clerk will be assigned to use a wireless handheld scanner to scan barcodes of files in all locations to update their location status in Elite 3E quarterly. Research information on file history, activity, etc.. Collect materials designated for shredding and make such material available to vendors for scheduled pickup. Other Duties Shift and move files identified by firm users, Director of Records, Records Clerks or Records Supervisor to reorganize Department Storage Rooms/Filing Areas and make room for new files coming in for current or new client matters. Matter and client closures: Identify files that are no longer active and according to the firm’s retention policy are ready to process for storage and/or destruction. File Transfers: When instructed by the Transfer Coordinator for a departing attorney, incoming attorneys, new counsel or files going straight to the client; the assigned Records Clerk collects the files identified, submits them for review by the Supervising Attorney. Upon approval we pick them up and ship them to the prescribed recipient. Assist with training when requested. Monitor Records supplies and restock as necessary (labels, boxes, etc.). Other duties and projects as assigned. Reporting Relationship Reports to: Records Supervisor/Manager who reports to the Director of Records and Conflicts. Subordinate staff: None Qualifications Knowledge General knowledge of RIM principals and records management database principals. Working knowledge of Microsoft Word, Excel, and Outlook. Must be able to craft a professional email communication using good grammar and the correct salutations. Skills Data entry experience required; Ability to follow instructions effectively in compliance with Records Department Policy and Procedures. Ability to follow instructions effectively from internal clients and have the ability to follow up and follow through. Ability to stay on tight schedules/deadlines and to work under pressure a must. Ability to work independently and be self-motivated and disciplined. Maintain a professional demeanor with strong emphasis on service attitude and responsiveness and be able to work tactfully with internal clients; Communication skills, including both written and verbal. Good interpersonal skills, teamwork/cooperation and ability to adapt to changing work situations. Strong organizational skills. Excellent attention to detail. Ability to work overtime as needed. Reliable and punctual. Education High school diploma or GED required, some college courses preferred. Physical Demands Must be able to move containers weighing up to 50 pounds, use step ladders, push carts and retrieve/replace objects from shelving units (from floor level to 8 feet high). Ability to move and shift file folders in filing shelves or into filing cabinets. Ability to twist and bend. Working Environment Office environment. The above is intended to describe the general content of and requirements for the performance of this job. It is not to be construed as an exhaustive statement of essential functions, responsibilities or requirements. At least 1 year experience preferred.