Overview As a senior manager of advanced analytics, you will be driving data driven growth strategies, optimizing key business outcomes and developing our core analytics capabilities as a team. This is a player coach role where strong individual contribution is required. You will be responsible to build a high performing team of analysts to increase analytical acumen and drive strategy execution with a focus on advanced analytics techniques and growth through data. We are using data in groundbreaking ways to uncover customer insights, personalized experiences, and to optimize business strategy. Come join us. Responsibilities Intuit’s Pro Connect Group (PCG) develops and brings to market the products that Accountants use to deliver value to tax clients and small businesses. PCG is creating a best-in-class data and analytics department that will lead a connected ecosystem of data, technology, personalization techniques, people and processes. This innovative data and analytics function will own advanced analytics agenda and create actionable insights to drive the business forward and influence various strategic decisions. The PCG Data and Analytics group is a central data team that serves as internal consultants to key functions across marketing, product, finance, care and sales. We provide specialized support to executive leadership including building opportunity sizing models, investor day decks and driving new product innovation by providing analytical models that enhance business performance. The team consists of technical experts, data scientists and data analysts. The team works hand in hand with the rest of the business functions in order to ensure close partnerships and effectively drive company performance. Strategic leadership: Develop business strategies that will drive growth, profitability, and competitive success for Intuit in the face of shifting customer and regulatory landscape. Strong project leader who can juggle multiple projects. Display an intense focus on achieving both short and long- term goals. Be able to drive and execute an agenda in an uncertain and fluid environment Business ownership: Ownership mindset with a strong willingness to take new challenges with enthusiasm. Strong ability to ‘see around the corners’ and ‘connect the dots’ with a desire to proactively drive the business and not just respond to it. Lead design of new business performance leading indicators and identify relationships between business drivers. Evangelize a data-driven approach to decision making or finding innovative opportunities. Analytical & Team Leadership: Lead and nurture a high performing team of analysts. Collaborate with care, sales, finance and data engineering to define and organize our data. Be able to build data products to transform customer experiences: personalized features, data predictions, propensity modeling, and etc. to make customer experiences more intelligent with data. Drive step-change improvements in analytical thinking of the team and use of analytical tools (core data analysis and reporting, statistical modeling, multivariate linear and logistic regression and experimental design) for business process improvement. Build targeted insights and new pricing strategies to inform and design new go to market strategies. Be the analytics leader who is looking to grow team through use of new predictive analytics techniques. Design rich data visualizations (30+ dashboards) to communicate complex ideas to business managers. Contribute to full cycle of data, including hypothesis formulation, algorithm development, data cleansing, new table creation, insight generation/visualization, and action planning. Qualifications 5+ years of quantitative analysis, 3+ years of people management & 2+ years of project management experience Superior Technical knowledge of SQL, Python, SAS, Hive, R, and Tableau... Extensive experience with A/B test design, implementation and analysis Strong business judgment and ability to foster innovation: He/she should be a tenacious decision maker, able to bring a healthy, aggressive, yet responsible approach to business Roles-model “win-together” while challenging status quo and driving changes across teams regardless of organizational structure Strong executive communication skills: Impeccable written and oral communication credentials, coupled with strategic influencing skills and the ability to drive agreement through intellect, interpersonal and negotiation skills