Job Summary Si puedes leer esto, ponte en contacto con nosotros. (translation - "Can you read this? If so, we'd love to hear from you!") Here's your opportunity to join an unstoppable team at a company that's setting a new standard in wireless. This position puts you on the leading edge of a brand that is changing the way people live, work and play. As a Sprint Bilingual Retail Sales Consultant, you are a wireless expert. This means you have the power to connect customers to the people, places and things that matter most. You move Sprint's Brand forward by delivering an unmatched customer experience in English and Spanish. You are a guide, a guru, a virtual Jedi master of wireless mobility. You stay current with the latest technologies and trends. You deliver the whole package products, plans and service like nobody's business. Best of all, when you're doing what you do best (being awesome), you're nailing Sprint's customer satisfaction and growth goals and having fun while doing it. Did we mention you do this with other great people who complete the circle of awesomeness? We call them your Sprint Retail team. You are the Sprint face to the customer and as such, you are the walking embodiments of the brand and our commitment to provide our customers the best possible offer to fit their needs. Great products, great plans, comparable network and outstanding customer experience. We reward you for your effort with a great total rewards package including health and wellness benefits, tuition reimbursement, paid time off, and an opportunity to earn incentive rewards for selling, serving and delighting customers. As a full-time Sprint partner, you can earn more than $40,000 total compensation with significant commission upside for top performers. At Sprint we believe in paying for performance - the more you sell, the more you should earn. A Sprint Bilingual Retail Sales Consultant Provides a total sales solution to our customers, for any of their wireless/mobility needs. This includes selling the value of Sprint's devices, accessories and service plans; maximizing Sprint-customer connections; saving our customers money; personalizing their experience; and protecting their investment Delivers an outstanding store experience that improves customer loyalty and strengthens the Sprint Brand Meets or exceeds key performance objectives, including sales and customer satisfaction goals Aside from reasonable accommodations or military obligations, employees must be available to work a retail schedule that includes evenings, weekends and holidays. Basic Qualifications High School diploma or equivalent Six months retail sales or related experience Spanish conversational skills Preferred Qualifications Be the Connection The Retail Sales team is the heart and soul of Sprint, connecting people with what matters every day. Our relentless innovation in cutting-edge technology, providing value and outstanding customer experience are all in service of our core belief: that connecting should be simple, rewarding and even fun. Connecting with our Retail Sales team means you'll: Receive a competitive total compensation package including base salary plus monthly sales incentives Enroll in our benefits/Total Rewards Program empowering you to take charge of your wealth, health and professional goals Further your education through our Tuition Assistance Program Connect with the latest wireless and mobile devices through our Employee Phone Program Promote innovation and friendly competition to deliver unparalleled customer experience Gain valuable wireless industry experience and skills by learning the newest trends and technology through engagement and training Achieve satisfaction knowing that you are changing lives by connecting customers with the resources, information, entertainment, and people that matter most Are you ready to connect? Sprint is a background screening, drug screening, and E-Verify participating employer and considers qualified candidates with criminal histories consistent with applicable law. Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Protected Veterans. Metro Area US-CA-Los Angeles Sprint is an Equal Opportunity Employer and has been recognized for its commitment to diversity and creating an inclusive workplace where all employees’ backgrounds, talents and contributions are valued. Sprint reviews applications for employment without regard to the applicant's race, religion, color, creed, gender/sex, gender identity, national origin, genetic information, ancestry, age, citizenship, marital status, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability or any other classification protected by Federal, state or local law. Sprint is a background screening, drug-free workplace. Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Protected Veterans If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled protected veteran and need an accommodation or accessibility assistance to apply for one of our positions, you may submit a request by sending an email to careers@sprint.com or by faxing your request to 913-523-9980. “Applicants have rights under Federal Employment Laws” Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) Poster ; Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) Poster ; Supplemental Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) is the Law Poster ; Employee Polygraph Protection Act (EPPA) Poster ; Pay Transparency Notice Poster ; and the Philadelphia’s Fair Change Hiring Law Poster.