The Master Data Management (MDM) and Data Governance IT Manager is responsible for defining, developing, and maintaining our strategy, policies, standards. You will provide guidelines pertaining to enterprise master data and lead Data Governance. You'll be entrusted with advocacy, monitoring, improving and maintaining a high level of data quality for us. You will be the main liaison between our IT & Business SMEs and facilitate cross-functional discussions for data related matters. You'll also drive consensus around key decisions. Be prepared to hold responsibility for continued maturity of our program which includes: management of Data analysts, Data stewards, technical staff, and vendors (as necessary). You will also own the roadmap for evolution of other master data domains (product, employee, etc.) as well as execution of associated projects. You will be responsible for the following: Employee management including but not limited to sourcing, interviewing and hiring talent for open positions. You'll also help with onboarding, establishing goals, assigning or delegating work, providing on-the-job training, giving mentorship to staff, conducting performance evaluations, approving paid time-off (PTO), developing performance improvement plans, and taking disciplinary action. Lead our Master Data Management Center of Excellence (MDM CoE) Develop and run enterprise data policies, standards, and processes Ensure teamwork from Data Stewards, Data Owners, business SMEs and IT partners Provide partnerships and influence through change management Align Data Governance policies, processes, and procedures with compliance programs (i.e., Privacy, InfoSec, etc.) Evaluate and review new technologies on their applicability to MDM architecture and design Develop and monitor ongoing operations of MDM Facilitate the Data Governance Committee meetings and lead discussions with options and recommendations to address specific issues Document, implement and maintain our master data models (i.e. uniform definition of a customer) and associated business processes with appropriate owners Track data governance action items, issues, and priorities Coordinate and facilitate all data projects ensuring compliance regarding data governance Audit project level data governance work to ensure that practices and standards are being met Handle the data to ensure alignment to consistent definitions, business naming standards, development of standard calculations, security requirements, etc. Track data governance process change requests, conduct process gap analysis and provide recommendations Develop and carry out methods and validation mechanisms for ensuring data quality and accuracy Develop metrics and reporting requirements for ongoing monitoring of our data Audit project level data governance deliverables The Job Description is intended to be a general representation of the responsibilities and requirements of the job. However, the description may not be all-inclusive, and responsibilities and requirements are subject to change. Bring these Skills and Abilities : Show us your strong resource management skills including management of virtual teams and vendors Communicate at all levels of the organization, including written and verbal Set priority, scope, and direction for project level efforts Be familiar with Project Management Lifecycle, change management Experience leading operational and project budgets Knowledge and expertise in technical environment Knowledge using Oracle eBS, Salesforce, Dun & Bradstreet and Informatica helpful Strong knowledge of data governance practices aligning to DAMA-DMBOK Prior experience in the high tech industry is highly desirable, especially in regards to master data management for customers Experience establishing or developing enterprise or solution architecture functions Experience Writing Policies and Procedures and Diagram workflows How do YOU qualify? Hold a Bachelor’s Degree or an equivalent combination of education and experience in Data Management, Data Governance, Policy Administration, and/or other data‐related or compliance fields Bring 5+ years of dynamic experience managing complex IT programs and/or projects required including Data Governance and Master Data Management implementations LI-DC1 Equal Employment Opportunity It is the policy of F5 to provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and employment applicants without regard to unlawful considerations of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, sensory, physical, or mental disability, marital status, veteran or military status, genetic information, or any other classification protected by applicable local, state, or federal laws. This policy applies to all aspects of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, job assignment, compensation, promotion, benefits, training, discipline, and termination. Reasonable accommodation is available for qualified individuals with disabilities, upon request.