Overview Align with GMF global digital marketing strategy, the overall purpose of the job is to manage, lead, develop and activate digital strategies and initiatives across all International markets. In addition, the candidate will manage digital, mobile, chatbots/artificial intelligence and social media- tailored content, and drive engagement for GMF on third party platforms, including Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, Snapchat, and any specific International channels and digital outlets. Responsibilities Leads the development and delivery of Digital Marketing, processes and technology implementation, as well as reporting and thorough ROI analysis Develop and integrate all the digital channels and optimizes the mix to ensure superb customer experience while meeting efficiently and effectively the business objectives Partners with GM and local markets to develop, execute and measure integrated digital marketing campaigns, aligned with business goals and engaging our customers in loyal and satisfying relationships. Supports the digital marketing director and international marketing teams in developing and implementing the digital business plan Works with digital marketing director and global team to set critical KPI’s for owned and social channels, and works to increase metrics in a tactical fashion across all key categories (visits, unique visitors, time spent, user engagement and others) Leads the daily platform management across GMF International owned web platforms, apps, and social media channels across international markets Provide thought leadership, strategic insight and clear communication (written and verbal) across the organization centrally and locally Understanding of the global digital landscape in regards to competitors, social networks and multi-platform media. Constantly identifies and applies the latest digital media trends and emerging technologies across the wider media landscape, to keep GMF International channels at the forefront of innovation. Reports to stakeholders on projects, planning and results, including generating reports and presentations as needed. Manages and tracks own projects and ensures to stay within agreed budgets. Align with GM global and local market analytics and insight team to ensure consistent measurement and methodology. Identify and implement synergies with GMF US. Qualifications Required: Bachelor’s degree (minimum), desirable Business/Marketing Digital Marketing Skills & Knowledge: 3+ years automotive/ captive financial industry experience in international markets Excellent analytic, quantitative, and problem solving skills Good cultural understanding of international markets Experience querying and analyzing complex data sets High level of accuracy and attention to detail Fluency in Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint Superior written and oral communication skills Spanish (preferred) _Please note that some countries have additional requirements (i.e. mobility requirements, language specifications, legal/migratory specifications, etc.) that might not be listed above. If you are applying internally and want to know more about these requirements please contact_ _TalentAcquisition_ _._ _SupportIO_ _@_ _gmfinancial_ _.com before submitting your application._