Description Title: Architect - Network Job type: Permanent Location: Philadelphia-PA, Thornton-CO About the Position: This position will be part of the Product Engineering team focused on automation, integration, architecture and development of software defined network features for Sungard Availability Services’ Global Network & Data Centers. Specifically, the Network Architect is responsible for leading the architecture supporting overall design with product management; engineering and operations teams driving global network architectural strategy and vision for SGAS, a Managed Service Provider. Role and Responsibilities: We are looking for passionate Network Architect who grasps the full span of technologies consuming network services such as current trends, automation, service provider approach to software defined networking and network virtualization. The ideal candidate will have experience designing and implementing networking infrastructure in support of both primary hosting and replicated virtual workload solutions in a service provider environment. You are, at core, an extra-ordinary engineer talented in designing and solving infrastructure challenges for cloud-like platforms. You will help design, consult, provide leadership and implement (as needed) automation, network virtualization, and software defined networking for Sungard’s portfolio. Education: Graduate or post-graduate degree in Computer Science or Engineering Demonstrated expertise in enterprise networking in support of complex services such as data protection/replication architectures, designs, and implementations Primary Skills: Experience in automation using various scripting and configuration management tools such as Ansible, UCSd, ServiceNow Strong working knowledge of in one or more of Software Defined Networking (CISCO ACI), Junos, Enterprise networking platforms across geographically dispersed environments. Strong working knowledge in network virtualization technologies Experience with one or more VMware, NSX, Hyper-V, KVM, AWS (Xen, EC2), Azure VM Experience with multiple network components including firewalls (CISCO ASA), load balancing (F5), specifically systems architecture, design with strong understanding of administration, configuration activities. Experience in monitoring, logging, availability, clustering, scalability of network infrastructure Secondary Skills: Ability to work across organizational boundaries Excellent communication skills and the ability to explain highly technical topics to non-technical partners. Exposure with software defined data centers and/or software defined networking Exposure Python programming, REST APIs, JAVA Required Experience: Minimum 5-10 years of experience as network systems engineer Other: Sungard Availability Services offers a high growth environment with excellent compensation and immediate eligibility for our 401(k), health/dental insurance, educational assistance, and more. Sungard AS is an equal opportunity employer. Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran Ability to meet the physical demands of this position. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Employment is contingent upon successful completion of the background investigation and pre-employment drug screen.