The position supports the project team members throughout the project lifecycle and aids in documenting both business requirements and comprehensive solutions for small to medium size and complexity initiatives. We are looking for individuals with the right mix of analytical, technical, customer service and presentational skills. Job Responsibilities: Elicit requirements for enhancements and projects of small to medium size and complexity. Organize and specify requirements to ensure they are complete and unambiguous Plan and conduct User Acceptance testing (UAT) for enhancements and projects of small to medium size and complexity Provide documentation support for requirements gathering; process analysis; gap analysis; design of new functionality; and User Acceptance Testing for large initiatives in partnership with a Senior Business Analyst Collaborate with development teams, leads user acceptance testing, supports the development of training and implementation material, participates in project planning and implementation and provides post-implementation support. Participate in project walkthroughs: business requirements gathering, design walkthrough, UAT plans and implementation sessions Partners with the business to complete the due diligence and impact analysis of new Project Requests Assist Sr Manager, PMO with Project Portfolio documentation and reporting JOB REQUIREMENTS Job Requirements: Bachelor’s degree in Business or Information Technology 2-3 years of experience translating business needs into business, functional and non-functional requirements Familiarity with Waterfall and Agile methods of software development such as Scrum and/or Kanban Experience in the financial sector – desirable Strong communication skills – able to communicate clearly, effectively and in a timely manner. Showcase good written and verbal communication skills Excellent analytical and critical thinking skills - able to analyze and solve problems. Ability to identify and document solutions to business problems with accuracy. Self-Starting - take independent action and goes beyond what the job or situation requires. Results oriented - Strives to achieve high levels of individual and organizational performance Attention to details Ability to multitask Knowledge of Microsoft applications, Word, Visio Strong customer relationship skills Physical Requirements: Must be able to sit and/or stand for long periods of time Ability to lift 15 lbs. Benefits: Benefits for eligible employees include medical/dental/vision, 401k, vacation, opportunities for advancement, on-going training available. We strive to demonstrate our Core Values in all positions at PLS: _Communication Customer Focus Integrity and Trust Teamwork Results_ PLS Financial Services is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, marital status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. PLS Financial Services will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law. PLS Financial Services is a drug-free workplace. PLS provides reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process, please notify your Recruiter or a member of our Human Resources team [Click Here To Join] to make arrangements. The decision on granting reasonable accommodation will be made on a case-by-case basis.