Req ID: 21236 Shift: Weekends Employment Status: AP - Active - Regular - Part Time Job Summary 1.Demonstrates basic knowledge of Tier 1 service level support as relates to addressing Hardware (PCor End-User Devices & peripheral equipment), and application software, and operating system issues. 2\. Exhibits sound customer service skills by effectively handling customer problems and ensuring proper escalation procedures are followed to problem closure. 3\. Demonstrates sufficient knowledge of call log tracking to record accurately all needed information. 4\. Tracks all customer service items to completion. 5\. Evaluates customer service issue to determine level of service needed. 6\. Resolves all Tier 1 issues. 7\. Escalates Tier 2 issues to appropriate resource. 8\. Maintains and increases knowledge of CHOP IS application, hardware, mobile devices and multiple operating system platforms 9\. Works under direct supervision to accomplish daily assignments in support of team initiatives Note: This is a part-time position, anticipated for 24 hours/week. The schedule will be Monday-Thursday, day shift until the the probationary period is completed; typically 90 days. Then the schedule will shift to Sunday- Wednesday (6 hour days). Job Responsibilities A Support Analyst I: 1\. Provides laser-like focus on customer service and satisfaction with some knowledge and experience of incident management, problem management and change management processes, practices and procedures. 2\. Serves as the first point of contact for the IS Department and act sas a liaison between the client community and the rest of the IS Department 3\. Adheres to Service Desk standards, processes and systems required to deliver consistent high quality customer service 4\. Diagnoses and resolves problems which may involve hardware, packaged software, proprietary software and peripheral equipment over the phone, via remote control tools or on-site. 5\. Maintains strong technical skills to provide prompt support for customers to determine problems and provide resolutions 6\. Manages Level 1 queues and recommends new queues to insure proper categorization and assignment of issues. Coordinates queues for site/service, working with various stakeholder groups. 7\. Provides recommendations on how to improve the quality of service as well as reducing repeat incidents. Required Licenses, Certifications, Registrations A+ Certification within 90 days of placement into position. Required Education and Experience Required Education: High school degree / GED required. Required Experience: At least two (2) years of experience providing EUD support, Service Desk support or equivalent experience/knowledge. Preferred Education, Experience & Cert/Lic Preferred Education: Some College preferred. Technical School Diploma or equivalent Preferred Licenses/certificates/registrations: ACSP, MCP, MCSA, ITIL Foundations, CCNA, Lexmark & Lenovo Self Maintainer Additional Technical Requirements Able to perform effectively in a team environment as well as with little direct supervision Customer service oriented team player with first-rate communication, documentation, organizational, problem solving, written and verbal skills. Ability to understand, analyze and resolve problems, while on the phone or on-site with user. Must have working knowledge of many various pieces of equipment and software including printers, terminals, PCs, networking and telecommunication hardware, etc. Knowledge and understanding of issues inherent to Microsoft software including, but not limited to security, deployment, imaging, auditing, licensing and compliance; deployment and upgrading; features and functionality. Organized with the ability to follow established processes and provide recommendations for improvements. Ability to analyze and solve problems by investigating and implementing predefined potential solutions using troubleshooting skills Working knowledge of the TCP/IP protocol suite. Medical terminology helpful and previous medical EUD or Service Desk level 2 support background preferred. All CHOP employees who work in a patient building or who provide patient care are required to receive an annual influenza vaccine unless they are granted a medical or religious exemption. Children's Hospital of Philadelphia is committed to providing a safe and healthy environment for its patients, family members, visitors and employees. In an effort to achieve this goal, employment at Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, other than for positions with regularly scheduled hours in New Jersey, is contingent upon an attestation that the job applicant does not use tobacco products or nicotine in any form and a negative nicotine screen (the latter occurs after a job offer). Children's Hospital of Philadelphia is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, religion, national or ethnic origin, disability or protected veteran status. VEVRAA Federal Contractor/Seeking priority referrals for protected veterans. Please contact our hiring official with any referrals or questions. CHOP Careers Contact Talent Acquisition 2716 South Street, 6th Floor Philadelphia, PA 19146 Phone: 866-820-9288 Email: TalentAcquisition@email.chop.edu