MV Transportation is seeking a Dispatcher who works to direct the day-to- day route operations and reports to the Supervisor on duty. This work is done in compliance with the procedures defined by the client and in conformance with company procedures. His/her duties involve daily communication and interaction with drivers and clients. He/she must also organize and conduct activities to assure safe, cost-effective, on-time operating performance. Tracks and reports sign-in/sign-out times, assures routes are timely, and communicates service issues to the Dispatch Supervisors or Dispatch Managers as appropriate. Job Responsibilities: Takes client calls and communicates issues with Drivers and Supervisors or Dispatch Managers as appropriate. Monitors radio, telephones and on-road provision of service for quality. Responsible for influencing positive employee morale and quality customer service. Monitors and completes driver sign-in and sign-out daily. May assign trips to drivers to assure adequate disbursement of trips between all assigned routes. Monitors daily system performance. Participates in analysis and review of operating performance. Notes closed and/or late starting of routes and communicates same to Dispatch Supervisors and/or Dispatch Managers as appropriate. All other duties, as assigned. Talent Requirements: One (1) year previous Dispatcher experience preferred. Two (2) years of Customer Service experience is preferred. High School diploma or equivalent. Experience with Trapeze software a plus. Ability to handle multiple tasks simultaneously and maintain composure under pressure in a fast pace environment. Demonstrate a high customer service commitment. Able to demonstrate professional phone manner. Knowledge of the service area is a plus. MV Transportation is committed to as policy of Equal Employment Opportunity and will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin or ancestry, sex, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state or local laws, regulations or ordinances. The information collected by this application is solely to determine suitability for employment, verify identity and maintain employment statistics on applicants. Where permissible under applicable state and local law, applicants may be subject to a pre-employment drug test and background check after receiving a conditional offer of employment.