At Pandora, we're a unique collection of engineers, musicians, designers, marketers, and world-class sellers with a common goal: to enrich lives by delivering effortless personalized music enjoyment and discovery. People—the listeners, the artists, and our employees—are at the center of our mission and everything we do. Actually, employees at Pandora are a lot like the service itself: bright, eclectic, and innovative. Collaboration is the foundation of our workforce, and we’re looking for smart individuals who are self-motivated and passionate to join us. Be a part of the engine that creates the soundtrack to life. Discover your future at Pandora! Pandora is looking for a detail oriented Analyst, Business Analytics to develop and manage insights/dashboards/forecasts around ad product performance and sales/revenue trends. This individual will work closely with stakeholders across the company (Product, Finance, PYM, and Sales) to interpret findings and identify patterns in the data. We are interested in a self-starter who will own the responsibility of telling a story based on what they find and track down issues/anomalies as they arise. They must have a strong sense of time management and ability to communicate with both technical and non- technical audiences. Key Responsibilities: Point of contact for creating and maintaining dashboards for key stakeholders and Senior Leadership Ability to interface with various teams to develop contextual analysis around trends & movements Proactively identify opportunities where data collection and analysis can improve business processes and influence decisions Work closely with various teams to understand data pipelines and track-down issues impacting revenue/inventory Work closely with stakeholder teams to ensure data classification and definitions of critical KPIs are understood and accurately captured Preferred Requirements: Bachelor’s degree, with a successful track record in analytical coursework (Economics, Statistics, Mathematic, etc.) 2+ years of work experience in an analytical role Extensive experience with SQL and database concepts required Experience with reporting tools such as PowerPoint & Tableau required Experience with Hive and ELT processes preferred Experience with Salesforce.com preferred Mastery of Excel required Excellent problem solving ability Exceptional attention to detail and ability to plan/pace projects Strong analytical, communication and documentation skills Experience with online advertising preferred _Pandora is committed to diversity in its workforce. Pandora is an equal employment opportunity employer and considers qualified applicants without regard to gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, race, veteran or disability status. Women and people of color are encouraged to apply._ _Pandora is also a VEVRAA federal contractor. Pandora requests priority referrals of protected veterans from each ESDS, as required by regulation._ _If you believe you need a reasonable accommodation in order to search for a job opening or to apply for a position, please contact us by sending an email to disability@pandora.com This email box is designed to assist job seekers who require a reasonable accommodation to the application process. A response to your request may take up to two business days._ _In your email, please include the following:_ _The specific accommodation requested to complete the employment application._ _The location or office to which you would like to apply_ _The subject of the email should read "Request for Reasonable Accommodation"._