At Tala, we are connecting millions of people to the financial services they deserve. The Data Analytics team operates in a nimble working style, flexing between a variety of business questions and data needs at the company. We are asked to investigate and solve big questions other companies have yet to find solutions for such as digital identity management and understanding customers fully based on their mobile data. You will be part of an innovative and fast growing team that pushes to provide access, choice, and control to millions of customers. As a Sr. Data Analyst - Behavioral Science, you will collaborate and guide product owners on how to perform scalable behavioral experiments. Your role will spur the data organization to leverage behavioral science methods and data to inform decision making globally. You will also design, advocate, and prioritize high-value projects through multiple cross-functional teams focused on our diverse markets. In specific, we are looking for a Senior Data Analyst - Behavioral Science to play an instrumental role in user segmentation and modeling, and analysis of behavioral trends within our products. This role will be based out of our Santa Monica, CA office. In this role you will: Be a key resource: become an expert on Tala’s data infrastructure, analytics tools, and best practices in data-driven research for the company Be curious: investigate new data sets, identify strategic opportunities for improving servicing for our customers, and share your findings with our partner teams Be a multiplier: build out new data flows as our product changes, and produce high-value, timely analytics based the unique aspects of each of our markets Be technically savvy: build visualizations to illustrate complex on-platform behavioral trends Be data driven: leverage Tala’s vast amounts of data to generate business insights that inform strategy with our many cross functional teams What we’re looking for: Masters in a quantitative field with a behavioral focus, prefer Behavioral Economics, Cognitive Science, Applied Psychology, or similar degree Experience in at least one analytics language (ex. Python, R) Basic proficiency in SQL, GitHub, bash commands 5+ years professional experience in an analytics role Demonstrable experience applying behavioral sciences to a technical product. Perfect candidates would have: Experience in emerging markets (either personally or in professional scope) Advanced modeling and machine learning expertise (school or Kaggle) Ability to juggle multiple projects effectively About Tala: Tala ( http://tala.co ) is a mobile technology and data science company that is working to deliver financial access, choice and control to underserved people around the world. Tala’s smartphone app instantly evaluates customers for credit using only the data on their devices and delivers customized loans in minutes. Tala, formerly known as InVenture, is backed by IVP, Ribbit Capital, Lowercase Capital, Data Collective, Collaborative Fund and other leading venture and impact investors. In 2016, Fast Company ranked Tala, formerly known as InVenture, as one of its top 10 companies in Money, and Forbes named Tala as one of the top 50 FinTech companies in the world. Additionally, Tala’s work has been highlighted by the New York Times, the Financial Times, the Wall Street Journal, TED, and Wired, among others.