Copart is seeking an experienced Data Architect to work closely with our business analyst and application development teams to recommend database model & structures based on the business data storage and retrieval needs. The Data Architect will be responsible for constantly monitoring our databases and immediately addressing database issues and problems. The successful candidate will also submit reports to management that outline the changing data needs of the company and come up with related solutions. Job Responsibilities Analyze data requirements for business applications and build conceptual model. Develop physical data model and data migration/conversion strategies for internally hosted applications. Reference data maintenance. Work with business analyst to keep the reference data as per industry standard. Troubleshoot production data issues. Identify and Cleanup of junk data. Program and write SQL code to support the creation of tables, views, stored procedures, functions, reports and triggers. Develop and maintain complex stored procedures, views and functions on MariaDB, MySQL, DB2 AS400 and DB2 LUW databases. Acquire business knowledge for: debugging model/data related issues, explaining the models to application teams or business. Provide operational and system support as well as technical expertise to software developers and database administrators. Utilize software development principles and experience to support the full lifecycle of software products. Work with application teams to identify ways to optimize the database tier and work to implement improvements for future releases. Develop application and database standards/architecture to help ensure the scalability, performance and maintainability of applications. Create standards to monitor and enhance capacity and performance. Required Skills: Ability to be flexible and work well with changing priorities. Strong time management skills with ability to participate in multiple projects/work streams simultaneously as well as strong analytical/problem solving skills. A self-starter who thrives with minimal supervision. Experience addressing production issues that involve SQL Database performance Proven database query optimization, performance tuning/monitoring experience Knowledge of physical database structures and best practices Thorough understanding and hands-on application of the software development lifecycle and related methodologies. Experience working with Agile development methodologies. Understanding of performance tuning and database constraint concepts such as indexes & primary keys Have the ability to express yourself well, verbally and on email. Ability to work with all levels of staff, management and external vendors Required Experience: BS, BA in Computer Science, Computer Information Systems, MIS, or relevant technology degree. Experience with complex custom-developed software applications. Minimum 8+ years previous related experience with RDBMS systems 2 years of AS400 system work experience. Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled