Job Description: Reporting & Analytics Manager T-Mobile’s Accounts Payable Department is looking for an individual who is ready to join a high-performing team in a dynamic work environment. While reporting to the Accounts Payable Senior Manager as an individual contributor, this role will execute on the department analytical strategy and goals. Primary responsibilities will include presenting data-driven insights and recommendations as well as trending and forecasting to leadership for decision making and strategic planning. Success in this role will require frequent cross-functional collaboration with individuals at all levels of the organization. The Reporting and Analytics Manager will excel in the areas of data manipulation and visualization, statistics, financial analysis, and reporting. Responsibilities: Enterprise Core Competencies Requires competency in customer focus, change & innovation, strategic thinking, relationship building & influencing, talent management, results focus and inspirational leadership. Produce trending and forecasting of payables. Provide insights, trends and drivers behind the results and prepare reports on findings. Gather complex data inputs from multiple sources, both internally and externally. Identify new data sources that will enhance business outcomes and support strategic and tactical objectives. Assesses the reporting needs of the business, prioritize projects and drive requirements to completion. Work cross-functionally as needed to enable data architecture and solutions that best meet the analytics and reporting needs of the business. Identify and communicate key insights to leadership team based on analysis and provide recommendation. Work cross functionally to proactively and systematically identify and implement any enhancements to reporting and analytics processes. Provide guidance to more junior employees and may act as a team lead. May assume project/initiative responsibility. Complete complex ad-hoc research, analysis, and reporting. Serves as a subject-matter expert on the team. Use modern visualization tools such as Tableau to enhance business understanding through artistic, simple, and concise data story telling. Use statistical and other quantitative modeling techniques to analyze large data sets, identify business opportunities and quantify risks. Supports advanced analytics including prescriptive and predictive analyses. Qualifications: 5+ years’ experience in analytics and reporting Demonstrated knowledge of a variety of analytical concepts and techniques including: cost-benefit analysis, sensitivity analysis, predictive analytics, optimization, decision trees, performance metrics and scoring 2+ years of experience utilizing statistical software such as R, SAS, etc. Expertise with BI tools such as Tableau and PowerBI Expertise with SQL querying language (MS SQL Server and Teradata) Expert level expertise in MS Excel, with proficiency using formulas, pivot tables, linked worksheets, and charts Some experience with Object Oriented Programming Languages (e.g. Python) Demonstrated ability to successfully manage competing priorities & deliverables in a fast-paced, dead-line oriented environment Demonstrated ability to perform successful forecasting techniques Strong ability to think creatively and develop new solutions Able to build strong cross-functional relationships Desired 2+ years of experience in Accounts Payable Experience with GAAP and IFRS accounting best practices 2+ years of experience in SAP _Education_ _Minimum Required_ Bachelor’s Degree in Business, Finance, Economics, Information Management or related field. Master's Degree in Economics or Business preferred LI-LU1 Company Profile: As America’s Un-carrier, T-Mobile US, Inc. (NASDAQ: “TMUS”) is redefining the way consumers and businesses buy wireless services through leading product and service innovation. The company’s advanced nationwide 4G and 4G LTE network delivers outstanding wireless experiences for customers who are unwilling to compromise on quality and value. Based in Bellevue, Washington, T-Mobile US provides services through its subsidiaries and operates its flagship brands, T-Mobile and MetroPCS. For more information, please visit http://www.t-mobile.com EOE Statement: We Take Equal Opportunity Seriously - By Choice T-Mobile USA, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All decisions concerning the employment relationship will be made without regard to age, race, ethnicity, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, marital status, citizenship status, veteran status, the presence of any physical or mental disability, or any other status or characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law. Discrimination or harassment based upon any of these factors is wholly inconsistent with our Company values and will not be tolerated. Furthermore, such discrimination or harassment may violate federal, state, or local law.