Where good people build rewarding careers. Think that working in the insurance field can’t be exciting, rewarding and challenging? Think again. You’ll help us reinvent protection and retirement to improve customers’ lives. We’ll help you make an impact with our training and mentoring offerings. Here, you’ll have the opportunity to expand and apply your skills in ways you never thought possible. And you’ll have fun doing it. Join a company of individuals with hopes, plans and passions, all using and developing our talents for good, at work and in life. Job Description The mission of Allstate Digital Ventures (ADV) is to enable all consumers to “love your digital life” through technology products and services which eliminate worries, improve convenience, and enhance the quality of online life – while expanding Allstate’s reach into new markets. Efforts are underway to develop our first product for market launch, and stand up a new business. Allstate Digital Ventures is looking to assemble a team that can help grow and scale this business, consisting of high-flying people who are strategic, creative and results-minded. Our team consists of a diverse mix of professionals with expertise in design, technology, business, marketing, operations, and strategy. This role supports the business operations team with establishing data practices and maintenance of data used in the product and supporting functions. This role would also be accountable for working with the technology team to build out a data warehouse to be used for operational, behavioral and strategic analysis and reporting. This is a great opportunity to start on the ground floor and define the strategy, define the requirements in an agile environment, as well as test/ validate solutions that will be operationalized for the program as well as the go to unit for any adhoc analysis and reporting needs. Responsibilities: Management and driver of the creation, design, and of all standard and ad-hoc analytical support for various levels of management in different competencies (Customer support, product development, financial). Partner with technology resources to define, test and support processes to curate data to be used in the product. Development and ownership of strategies and change management for data projects Ownership and accountability for the quality of data that is used for analysis within selected reporting environments and addressing any deficiencies in a timely manner. Perform other ad hoc duties as assigned or required. Supervise/ manage a team of analysts who execute specific data projects. Job Qualifications Bachelor’s degree 5-7 years of related experience or equivalent skills & ability with data and reporting Knowledge and understanding of databases, data management and logical reporting Experience with Analytics, Data Sourcing, and Content Management Ability to aggregate data from various sources to define complex reports. Solid experience in time and task management Ability to learn new technologies Strong attention to detail Demonstrate the ability to learn quickly and easily adapt to a constantly changing environment. Proactively identify and act on issues and or escalate items as necessary. Recognizing gaps in process and provides recommendations to management. Advanced experience using Microsoft office programs. Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to work independently as well as within a team environment. Excellent verbal and written communication The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation, which includes a drug screen. Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®. As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary – but that’s just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, you’ll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life - including a generous paid time off policy. Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video. Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position. Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component. For jobs in San Francisco, please click "here" for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. For jobs in Los Angeles, please click "here" for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance. It is the policy of Allstate to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity/gender expression, disability, and citizenship status as a veteran with a disability or veteran of the Vietnam Era.