Strong experience as a technical architecture, hosting the production and non-production environment, focusing especially on hardware capacity. Strongly Responsible in developing Performance Test approach to describe the scope, resource personnel, skills, schedule and deliverables to be completed to execute a performance test of the Maximo, PeopleSoft and Oracle Business Intelligence applications. Responsible in preparing performance test deliverables which include test scenarios, test scripts and test data, prior to test execution. Involve in performing performance test execution. This would include execution of performance test scripts as defined during the performance test preparation, documentation of issues identified during performance test, and complete hands-on application and database performance tuning to address the issues. Involve in developing performance test closure deliverable to summarize results of the performance test, including issues identified, the remediation of the issues, issues not addressed, and any risks identified as a result the performance test execution. Good in monitoring performance related issues during all phases of the EFOR project, including: application development, unit test, system test, user acceptance test and production go-live. Works with Data Integration developers to develop Data Integration Workflows and load processes. Establish and maintain effective working relationships with co-workers, supervisors and the business public. Monitor and identify performance trends and work with teams to improve processes and procedures. Attend and represent the enterprise at conferences, workshops, networking events with industry peers and solution providers. Job Skills: Should be good in Performance Test SMA of Enterprise Financial Operations Re-engineering (EFOR) Project, PeopleSoft Financials version 9.2, Maximo 7.6, and Oracle Business Intelligence. Good Knowledge on PeopleSoft Accounts Payable, General Ledger, Purchasing, Asset Management, Project Costing, Accounts Receivable and Billing, eProcurement, Commitment Control and Time and Labor modules. Minimum Experience: 15 Yrs Maximum Experience: 20 Yrs