This position is the primary resource for Sales Agents, Team Leaders and Management to share feedback related to the ORXe, Switchfly, Booking Builder, Support Center Plus, and Itinerary Recap solutions. Review of this feedback will include analyzing booking engines, GDS connectivity, interface with our QC & Ticketing systems, and content from our air-car-hotel-activity suppliers. The role requires working with Connexions Account Management, Connexions IT and call center operations staff to ensure proper implementation and ongoing support of these reservation tools. It is a requirement that the Specialist maintain intimate knowledge of the day-to-day workings of the booking tools such that if unexpected behavior were to manifest itself, they will identify it. Any bugs or defects that arise from the tools must be carefully documented and submitted to the appropriate parties for proper dispensation and remediation. The candidate should possess strong operational awareness along with understanding agent and customer usage patterns. Candidate should be also able to identify possible risks with proposed fixes/enhancement as well as provide suggestions. The candidate will also be required to support, maintain and develop GDS scripting solutions and OBT solutions used by travel consultants and back office support departments for a variety of business functions. If the candidate does not possess this skill set, training can be provided, but an aptitude in this area or some prior experience is preferred. Responsibilities Candidate will liaise with Operations Teams, Supplier Relations, IT, Incident Management and Finance/Accounting. Candidate should be able to maintain a working relationship with all other Connexions departments and lines of business to result in increased quality and customer service levels. Candidate will be asked to attend phone-based and in-person meetings related to various projects. Communication and listening skills in these settings will be paramount. While normal business hours will be between 7am – 6pm Mountain Time, Monday through Friday, applicants must be available to participate in rotating 24/7 on-call responsibilities/rotation as well as occasionally working off hours, nights and weekends as projects require. Candidate will possess experience working with Global Distribution Systems (Sabre and WSPN) and required knowledge of airfares and the different types of products (i.e. negotiated, preferred, net fares, etc.) Candidate will be proactive in their daily workload and require minimal supervision. Candidate should be proficient using the following tools: Microsoft Excel and Microsoft Word. Position Requirements: 3+ years experience in travel operations (i.e. Reservations Agent, Ticketing, QC, Help Desk). Experience providing post-booking support for hotels and cars. A strong understanding of operational complications that can arise with hotels and car bookings is a strong plus. General knowledge and understanding of travel portals, web sites and reservation tools. Candidate should be highly organized, professional and possess a “can do” attitude. Proficiency in Microsoft Project, Microsoft Visio and Microsoft PowerPoint is preferred. College degree preferred. Experience consuming and developing against REST and SOAP API preferred. Experience with XML, JSON, and asynchronous workflows preferred. GDS scripting (WSPN & Sabre) knowledge preferred. Experience with REST, SOAP API preferred. Experience with AWS, XML, JSON, and asynchronous workflows preferred.