zulily is a retailer obsessed with bringing our customers something special every day. Unique products from up-and-coming brands are featured alongside favorites from top brands, including clothing, home decor, accessories, toys and gifts, giving customers something new to discover each morning at an incredible price. We are fast-paced, innovative and metric-driven, with a team passionate for delighting our customers. Whether you want to work with incredible product selection, develop smart marketing plans, help us in our pursuit of faster fulfillment, or do something else awesome in between, we have a place for you. With locations in Seattle, Reno, Columbus and Bethlehem, our team is excited to be changing the way people shop every day - and we are just getting started. This person will create and maintain key performance reports and business metrics to inform business performance, identify areas of opportunity through data analysis and provide key insights to business leaders. Identify areas of the business where data and metric are needed to better understand and improve results. Strong attention to detail, a passion for problem solving and data, and the ability to communicate opportunities to senior management are a must. Analyzes complex business problems and issues using data from internal and external sources to provide insight to decision-makers. Work closely with business owners to understand business challenges and provide data/analysis for better decision making. Identify and interprets trends and patterns in datasets to locate influences. Identify key drivers and use results to recommend changes and identify areas for improvement. Construct forecasts, recommendations and strategic/tactical plans based on business data and market knowledge. Provide consultation and participates on cross-functional teams to address business issues. May lead cross-function teams on projects. Create specifications for custom reports and dashboards based on business needs and required or available data elements to track business success. Directly produce datasets and reports for analysis using system reporting tools. Gathers information and data specifics to meet various report requirements Provide quantitative analysis for data sets Provide support for existing reports and resolves issues with reports as identified by users Recommend establishment of new or modified reporting methods and procedures to improve report content and completeness of information QUALIFICATIONS 4-5 years’ experience in quantitative field math, finance, statistics, engineering Bachelors in quantitative field (Math, Finance, Statistics Business, Economics) Strong skills in the following analytics tools: Excel, SQL, Tableau, Python Knowledge of data modeling or simulation preferred zulily is an Equal Opportunity Employer zulily participates in E-Verify. zulily will provide the Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) with information from each new employee's I-9 to confirm work authorization. Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. You may reach us at (206) 388-0920.