JOB SUMMARY Working under direct supervision, provides routine day-to-day operations and administrative support for a business unit or large department. Assists in coordination of budget, process improvement, controls for specialized software and other functions enabling the department to meet objectives in an effective and efficient manner. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Analyzes monthly department budget reports to maintain expense controls. Prepares commentary and explanation of variances for management review. Assists in systems administration for specialized software utilized by the business group to support its operations. Researches and resolves routine support issues. Follows-up to ensure open issues are resolved. Assists in preparing user reference material. Troubleshoots and resolves simple inquiries and requests from internal and external clients. Reviews and monitors department processes and procedures to identify opportunities to improve service delivery to internal and external customers. May network with external contacts to research and recommend best practices. Coordinates budget preparation. Researches and collects input from multiple internal and external resources. Compiles a variety of operating, financial and statistical information as needed to respond to management requests. Coordinates work with other departments. May add commentary to complete analysis reports and proposals. Assists in communication of best practices, policies, procedures and initiatives to support operations. Helps to facilitate process improvement by engaging appropriate resources in issue identification and resolution. Assists in developing project plans and costs, including personnel and fiscal requirements to achieve defined objectives. May provide periodic updates relative to project resource and fiscal plans. Performs other duties as assigned. SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES No formal supervisory responsibilities in this position. Provides informal assistance such as technical guidance, and/or training to coworkers. May lead project teams and/or plan, and supervise assignments of lower level employees. QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. EDUCATION and EXPERIENCE Bachelor's Degree (BA/BS) or equivalent from four year college or university plus a minimum of two years related work experience to include budgeting, finance and or business analytics; or equivalent combination of education and experience. Work experience related to specific department or business unit function preferred. CERTIFICATES and/or LICENSES None COMMUNICATION SKILLS Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Strong organizational and analytical skills. Ability to provide efficient, timely, reliable and courteous service to customers. Ability to effectively present information. FINANCIAL KNOWLEDGE Requires knowledge of financial terms and principles. Ability to calculate intermediate figures such as percentages, discounts, and/or commissions. Conducts basic financial analysis. REASONING ABILITY Ability to comprehend, analyze, and interpret documents. Ability to solve problems involving several options in situations. Requires intermediate analytical and quantitative skills. OTHER SKILLS and/or ABILITIES Advanced proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite. Spreadsheet skill set to include advanced functions such as graphics, pivot tables. SCOPE OF RESPONSIBILITY Decisions made with understanding of procedures and company policies to achieve set results and deadlines. Responsible for setting own project deadlines. Errors in judgment may cause short-term impact to co-workers and supervisor.