Location: Irving, TX Position Summary: The Connected Vehicle Services division of SiriusXM builds and delivers software-based services on our connected car platform. The software we develop not only adds convenience to the daily life of our subscribers, but safety and security as well; when the worst happens, our software helps to save lives. We are in the early days of driving off the monolithic server beasts in favor of high quality, at-scale microservices in a cloud environment. Working on our team will give you the opportunity to support software in an agile, team- focused environment while learning and exercising a multitude of skills. We focus on keeping our employees happy and productive; fostering a positive atmosphere to help you make the right decisions and to learn and grow both professionally and personally. Our Senior Administrator, Oracle Database supports consistent operations of production and development applications and databases for the company, specific to our AWS/Cloud applications and database infrastructure. This individual will also work directly with our Development Operations (DevOps) team to design and support new and existing automation pipelines, as well as improving and re-architecting existing applications. In addition, this position coordinates users and roles, backup and recovery, data import/export, and performance monitoring of applications and databases locally and in the cloud. Our employees in this function work as part of a team to manage the configuration, deployment, and testing of various applications and databases for all environments. Duties and Responsibilities: Oversees the installation, configuration and troubleshooting of applications/databases within each environment. Develops capacity plans and projects long range requirements for databases and related systems for all environments. Designs logical and physical databases or reviews description of changes to database design to understand how changes to be made affect physical databases. Works collaboratively with engineers to develop solutions for problems within the application and databases. Recommends and implements enhancements to the environment that improve availability and performance of systems, while allowing for continued business growth. Develops and documents standard operating procedures and best practices through on-going evaluation and continuous improvement. Codes database descriptions and specifies identifiers of database to database management system or directs others in coding database descriptions. Specifies user access level for each segment of one or more data items such as insert, replace, retrieve or delete data. Tests database changes and refines changes to databases, understands and recommends solutions based on impact measured by these tests. Monitors database performance such as distribution of records and amount of available memory. Consults with engineers and managers to make changes to database management system. Confers with co-workers to determine impact of database changes on other systems. Modifies database programs to increase processing performance, referred to as performance tuning. Participates in long term planning and strategic initiatives with management. Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in computer science, system engineering or a related field, or equivalent, relevant experience. Certification in one of the following areas: ITIL, Linux Professional, Oracle Professional, MySQL, DB2, Sybase, MongoDB, and AWS. 5-7 years of knowledge and relevant experience in three or more of the following areas: Database administration. RDBMS design and development. Client/server application. Performance profiling and tuning. 5-7 years of knowledge and experience working with Oracle Enterprise RDBMS is required. 5-7 years of knowledge and experience working with Oracle Golden Gate replication is required. 5-7 years of knowledge and experience working with a Data Warehouse environment is required. 2-5 years of knowledge and experience working with AWS tools (S3/RDS/DynamoDB/IAM) is required. 5-7 years of knowledge and experience working in Linux/Unix environment is required. Requirements and General Skills: Utilizes sound decision making skills and communicates well with other team members and business users. Identifies problems and recommends solutions, performs triage in a team environment. Performance will be measured by his/her ability to deliver quality work on time. Works independently as part of a team, including cross functional teams. Interact with ITOps/DevOps/Development at all levels. Excellent oral and written communication skills. Ability to interface with a multitude of diverse personalities in a professional and consistent manner. Required to wear a pager/on-call cell phone. On-call availability 24x7. Occasional travel required, sometimes on short notice. Must have legal right to work in the U.S. Technical Skills: Knowledge and experience (5-7 years) working with Siebel CRM is a plus. Knowledge and experience (5-7 years) working with MySQL is required. Knowledge and experience (5-7 years) working with SQL and data administration is required. Knowledge and experience (5-7 years) working with Oracle RAC (on HP-UX or IBM AIX, or Linux) is a plus. Knowledge and experience (5-7 years) working with non-Oracle Enterprise RDBMS (DB2, Sybase) is a plus. Knowledge and experience with complex networking concepts (relevant to databases) is required. Knowledge and experience writing stored procedures and UNIX shell scripting is required. Knowledge and experience with application servers such as Jboss EAP / Tomcat is a plus. Knowledge and experience with JMS and middleware software including IBM MQ, TIBCO is a plus. Knowledge and experience with firewalls, security, pki / certificates, HTML, XML is a plus. Previous experience supporting 24x7 mission-critical environments. As an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status. The requirements and duties described above may be modified or waived by the Company in its sole discretion without notice. Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled