Upon offer, candidates must complete a background and drug test We are a highly collaborative team of engineers, builders and problem solvers that share an open lab environment. We are committed to code simplicity and consistent high quality. This will be supporting the Internal Tools team. This role is on an Engineering team delivering a services platform and data services for use by eCommerce and enterprise systems. Cross-functional team members will contribute to all aspects of software development and delivery. Responsibilities: Provide technical leadership for one or more development teams Provide technical estimates and feasibility to the Product Owner Contribute as an individual or in a pair in a very agile development environment Full stack development (Groovy/Java, JavaScript, HTML/CSS) of web applications Debugging and triage of issues Database development using the Liquibase tool Requirements: 8-10 years of related experience. At least five years of relevant systems software engineering experience and a BS/MS in computer science or engineering (or equivalent professional experience). Experience building high-performance, highly-available and scalable distributed systems. Experience building complex software systems that have been successfully delivered to customers. Aggressive Refactoring. Experience with service development, REST, HTTP, Groovy, Java, Spring, Oracle, XML, JSON. Experience with Agile, Paired Programming. Experience working on Unit and functional test cases preferably using libraries like Spock etc Knowledge of and working experience with open source software (e.g. Apache, Tomcat etc.). Experience in configuring new services using HA Proxy and Apache. Experience working with Linux env and deployments. The ability to prioritize effectively, communicate clearly, and consistently deliver results. Keen attention to detail and high level of commitment. Nice to Have: Experience with RabbitMQ, IBM MQ. Experience working on JavaScript libraries like React JS / Node JS. Ability and aptitude to dig into and solve challenging problems and proactively avoid problems. Scripting, automation and troubleshooting of processes and systems; scripting in the shell and at least one of the following: Groovy, Ruby, Perl or Python. Networks, security, firewalls, load balancers, DNS and other infrastructure components. Experience working in Google cloud platform (GCP) Any level of experience with NoSQL data stores (Riak, Cassandra, etc.) is a plus. Working knowledge in BI tool preferably in visualization component. Must Have: Java, Groovy, Spring, JavaScript & any JS library (React, Node, Backbone or Angular), BI reporting KRT