Job Description Coordinates LAN/W AN activities including e-mail, website and system control software. Monitors and configures Gaming and Wagering Systems. Installs, configures, and trouble shoots computer networks and associated components and coordinates LAN/W AN activities. Adheres to all Company service and operating standards. Supports, monitors, tests and troubleshoots hardware and software problems pertaining to the LAN/W AN. Recommends and schedules repairs to the LAN/WAN. Installs, tests and implements network software and services, system administration and diagnostic tools. Maintains configuration tables within the Gaming and Wagering Systems to reflect changes throughout the business day. Provides TCP/IP technical support for the organization's critical routed/switched LAN/WAN activities. Maintains the network configurations. Provides network orientation and assists in computer applications training when necessary. Remains informed of changes in network system software and hardware requirements and makes recommendations for future software and hardware purchases. Administers and monitors the network, keeping system information up-to-date in network logs and ensures all components are operating correctly, i.e. cabling, hubs, switches, management modules, routers, as well as primary hardware and software. Monitors the gaming network, ensuring system connectivity, interface gateway daily maintenance and ensures daily and monthly backup of essential data. Establishes and maintains network user accounts, both corporate and gaming, passwords (if necessary), user environment, directories, and security. Reports unauthorized network usage and security problems. Administers, maintains and monitors the player tracking system software, ensuring user accounts and user rights are reflective of the authorization level assigned by the users' manager and that required functions are performed to ensure system availability. Ensures that access, including remote access, to the network or its components is granted only to authorized personnel and that access logs are maintained and reviewed. Performs data backup and ensures data security procedures. Responds to the needs and questions of network users concerning their access to network resources and the operation of various software programs. Performs preventive maintenance procedures on all computer/network equipment. Performs all other duties as assigned. We are proud to be an EEO/AA employer M/F/D/V. We maintain a drug-free workplace and perform pre-employment substance abuse testing. Experience and Skills Associates degree in Computer Science or related field from a community college or other approved educational institution required. Four years related experience and/or training or equivalent combination of education and experience in Microsoft network operating systems, Linux Network Operating Systems, Exchange server, SQL server and Remote Access Services required. Comp TIA A+ certification or equivalent, or CMOP TIA Network certification or equivalent is preferred. Must have excellent organizational and planning skills, complex problem solving skills, solid analytical skills, and strong communication skills. Must be able to sit, stand, lift, carry weight, kneel, bend, and grip tools during a full 8 hour shift. Must be able to work all shifts, and weekends/holidays as required. Must be able to communicate effectively in English, both verbally and through written communications. Must be knowledgeable of all federal, state and local laws and regulations relevant to operations.