About Callisto Callisto is a San Francisco-based nonprofit organization that creates technology to combat sexual assault, empower survivors, and advance justice. Specifically, we create websites that detect repeat sexual assailants and make it easier for sexual assault survivors to report. We are funded by earned revenue from partnering institutions and philanthropic supporters, including Google.org, Y Combinator, Greylock Partners, and the Skoll Foundation. We are a small but powerful team, united in the belief that we can create a more just world. The culture around us is changing rapidly and the demand for Callisto has never been greater. We will soon expand to address sexual assault and professional sexual coercion in multiple industries, connecting victims of the same predator to each other and with legal support. About The Position: We are looking for talented and passionate engineer to join our Product Team and be part of working towards this mission. As a Full Stack Software Engineer at Callisto, you will be working at a fast-paced, non-profit tech startup to implement and support first-class technical infrastructure in order to solve a complex problem in the social justice, data security, and legal space. This position will be based in San Francisco. Responsibilities include: Work closely with the Chief Technology Officer, engineering and design team to innovate highly impactful products for survivors of sexual assault and harassment Architect and deliver secure, user-friendly and accessible products Execute Callisto’s data security and advanced cryptography strategy Debug and troubleshoot problems in complex systems Participate in product team activities, such as daily standups, user-centric product design, QA work, and project managementHelp create a world where sexual violence is rare and survivors are supported You Have: 3+ years of experience building and supporting production quality software Proficiency working with NodeJS High proficiency programming in front-end tools such as Angular 2+ Experience in building and shipping products with a data security focus Experience owning projects from end-to-end Working knowledge of relational databases and Git Experience working in cross-functional product development teams Comfortable working with a geographically-distributed software development team What to Expect at Callisto Our Environment We are engineers, designers, educators, and legal experts. Our work is serious, but our days are full of joy and mutual support. We are each other’s biggest fans, fierce yet kind, driven yet understanding. Our Benefits Callisto offers medical, dental, and vision insurance, along with paid holidays, vacation, sick and wellness days and a 401k. Members of the Callisto team also receive a professional development budget. Your Rewards Enter a mission-driven work culture with a focus on well-being and work-life balance. Callisto employees create self-care plans to ensure that all team members remain healthy, happy, and whole. And the final reward is knowing that you go to work each day helping to change the world for the better. Callisto is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees.