Cleanly is on a mission to change the way people think about laundry and dry cleaning. We’re looking for a motivated VP of Operations to help us build the launderer of the future. In this role, you'll oversee field operations in NYC, Washington, DC, and San Francisco. You'll also play a key role in developing our long term operations and growth strategy. You’ll also partner closely with Cleanly’s leadership team to build our operations playbook and find opportunities to improve our product. What you’ll do: Lead our talented team of City and General Managers in NYC, DC, and SF. Lead a complex logistical operation involving warehousing, vendors, delivery drivers, and dispatchers. Collaborate with Engineering and Growth teams to launch new products and markets. Own all portions of the company P&L; relating to contribution margins Design a roadmap to achieve long-term strategic goals Improve efficiencies and mitigate operational weaknesses Design and implement a roadmap to achieve long-term strategic goals Measure the impact and efficiency of new services and business practices. Report on KPIs to leadership Your background: 7 years of Operations, Business Management, Supply-Chain or similar experience (e.g., hotels, shipping, warehousing, consumer goods, manufacturing) in a fast-paced environment; experience in a high-growth environment is key. Extremely comfortable being data-driven. You make sound business decisions through deep analytical thinking. Experience developing teams. You have a high EQ and are able to work with, coach, and manage a diverse team. Excellent execution skills with a strong attention to detail. A positive attitude and entrepreneurial spirit. You thrive in fast-paced environments and you’re excited about taking bold action. Stellar people skills and the ability to build smart partnerships. You excel at influencing and motivating people. Bonus points if your experience includes helping build and scale a Series A stage startup through several fundraising rounds and into a large company that exited or neared IPO MBA preferred but not required Benefits and perks: 100% employer-covered health insurance $100 of Cleanly credit every month Unlimited paid time off Commuter benefits 401(k) Unlimited snacks and drinks We’re committed to building a diverse and inclusive workplace. We welcome applications from people of all backgrounds, abilities, and perspectives. We look forward to hearing from you.