Description Required Attachments: Cover Letter Resume 2 Classified Reference Forms and/or Letters Transcript Do you enjoy solving problems? Helping others learn how to use software applications to accomplish their work the most efficient way possible? Have knowledge and experience managing student related information, then come join our team! Capital Region Educational Service District 113 has an opening at its Tumwater office for a CRISC Systems Analyst with student information management experience. The Systems Analyst is part of a team that provides software training and support services to school districts who are members of the Capital Region ESD 113 Information Services Center (ISC). The ISC provides software implementation, training and support for all aspects of the Skyward WESPaC suite of applications. This position requires occasional travel to school districts and other educational related agencies. Prior experience working with student information (e.g. enrollment, grading, scheduling, etc.) in a school district or ESD experience is preferred. For best consideration, apply by July 31, 2018. Salary is commensurate with job-related experience. Benefits include: retirement, medical/dental, sick/annual leave and holiday pay. The job of CRISC Systems Analyst I is done for the purpose/s of providing school district clients consultation, implementation, training, and support in the best practice use of Skyward WESPaC and WSIPC applications to ensure that client information management needs are met and in compliance with related policies, practices, and/or regulations. A Systems Analyst works as part of a team that specializes in business and application knowledge of either the Skyward WESPaC Student or Business Finance Suites. Examples of Duties Assesses training needs of district clients and contributes to a training curriculum (e.g. forums, new user, specialized, new feature, workshops, labs or ongoing learning, etc.) for the purpose of ensuring training needs of district clients are met. Assists with installation, maintenance, and other operational technical support with WSIPC or other software partners responsible for installing hardware/software systems for the purpose of providing an up to date, functional and highly performing application to clients. Assists with the development and maintenance a variety of analysis tools for the purpose of assisting district to generate complex data sets for data analysis, monitoring and reporting. Assists with the transmittal of district data files for the purpose of complying with federal and state regulations. Collaborates with other ISC team members in the use of application software, analysis techniques, training skill development, presentations, computer equipment, team processes for the purpose of sharing knowledge, experiences, mentoring, assisting others with customer support, completion of special projects and continually improving the service delivery of the team. Collaborates with other Capital Region ESD 113 departments for the purpose of sharing relevant information and identifying opportunities to enhance services. Configures the Skyward WESPaC or related application features (e.g. screen, process, or business rule configuration, code lists, workflow, custom data fields, and report parameters, etc.) for the purpose of customizing the application's functionality to meet individual school district practices. Contributes to software application enhancements with WSIPC for the purpose of enhancing the functionality of the application. Contributes to and may author documentation or other learning materials (e.g. flyers, user guides, checklists, process lists, or tutorials, etc.) for the purpose of providing resource materials to district clients enhancing their learning experience. Contributes to instructional programs using a training plan for the purpose of ensuring required resources, materials, training approaches and techniques will maximize district client learning engagement and retention. Contributes as a member of the WSIPC network of Information or Data Centers, state agencies or other professional organizations for the purpose of representing Capital Region ESD 113 in data management leadership and keeping informed of evolving requirements, regulations and system functionality. Develops basic to moderately complex reporting templates for the purpose of sharing common reporting needs with districts. Documents basic to moderately complex client software application problems, resolutions and communications for the purpose of collaborating and sharing knowledge with other analysts or WSIPC. Guides districts in timely data entry and assists in creating monthly, annual or other time specific reports for the purpose of supporting districts with timely report submissions to federal and state agencies. Identifies and appropriately communicates with Director of CRISC regarding school district issues (e.g. possible compliance issues, key staff changes, negative trends, etc.) for the purpose of identifying intervention needs with districts. Manages test and training application environment through coordinating data refreshes and scrambling of data with WSIPC and preparing and entering test data for the purpose of troubleshooting problems, testing software changes or training district clients. Provides individual assistance in the completion of a district client's work activities for the purpose of enabling them to meet their deadlines. Researches discrepancies found in data or other information for the purpose of ensuring data integrity in data management practices. Researches WACs, RCWs, and other outside materials for the purpose of ensuring accuracy in district data practices for adherence to policies, procedures and legal requirements. Researches, analyzes, identifies and tests solutions (e.g. placing the district's database in the test environment to recreate the issue and test the solution, researching documentation or regulations, or initiating data manipulations, etc.) for the purpose of resolving, coordinating and communicating resolution of the client's issue. Tests, develops and executes test scenarios of new releases, implementations or other software changes for the purpose of resolving or escalating identified issues assuring quality systems are implemented to district clients. Troubleshoots basic to moderately complex software application problems through active listening, inquiry, client shadowing and duplication of the client's issue for the purpose of diagnosing the problem to be resolved. Additional Essential Functions for CRISC Systems Analyst II Assesses training needs of district clients, develops and implements a training curriculum (e.g. forums, new user, specialized, new feature, workshops, labs or ongoing learning, etc.) for the purpose of ensuring training needs of district clients are met. Authors documentation or other learning materials (e.g. flyers, user guides, checklists, process lists, or tutorials, etc.) for the purpose of providing resource materials to district clients enhancing their learning experience. Configures the Skyward WESPaC or related application features (e.g. screen, process, or business rule configuration, code lists, workflow, custom data fields, and report parameters, etc.) for the purpose of customizing the application's functionality to meet individual school district practices. Coordinates installation, maintenance, and other operational technical support with WSIPC or other software partners responsible for installing hardware/software systems for the purpose of providing an up to date, functional and highly performing application to clients. Defines software application enhancements and may champion its development with WSIPC for the purpose of enhancing the functionality of the application. Delivers overview and in-depth software application and system operation training for individuals, small and/or large groups of district clients at a wide-variety of venues such as workshops, classes, labs, forums, committee meetings or conferences for the purpose of facilitating use and adoption of the application by district clients. Demonstrates application features and functionality for the purpose of orienting new or existing district clients to new or existing application features to encourage future implementation. Develops and maintains a variety of analysis tools for the purpose of assisting district to generate complex data sets for data analysis, monitoring and reporting. Develops reporting templates for the purpose of sharing common reporting needs with districts. Documents client software application problems, resolutions and communications for the purpose of collaborating and sharing knowledge with other analysts or WSIPC. Elicits district client service needs from a variety of venues (e.g. forums, surveys, evaluations, or direct client contact, etc.) for the purpose of enhancing ISC programs and services. Escalates highly complex or system-wide issues to WSIPC acting as a liaison between the district client and WSIPC for the purpose of coordinating and communicating problem resolution, potentially resulting in system alerts. Facilitates, streamlines and monitors the transmittal of district data files for the purpose of complying with federal and state regulations. Maps data between systems and creates import/export files for the purpose of migrating data to/from an external system (e.g. conversion or interface). Performs various high impact or mission critical business processes authorized by a district client (e.g. entering, updating, executing, reporting and/or transmitting information, etc.) for the purpose of assisting the district adhere to federal/state regulations or board policy. Plans and develops a project charter, sets and maintains the project schedule, coordinates tasks, implementation and testing of projects for the purpose of ensuring quality implementation standards are met and communicated. Plans and designs instructional programs using a training plan for the purpose of ensuring required resources, materials, training approaches and techniques will maximize district client learning engagement and retention. Serves as system administrator or advises district personnel on security setup, policy and standards for the purpose of ensuring that account creations, security groups, modifications and deletions occur in a timely and appropriate manner and facilitates optimal database usability. Trains and guides school district personnel and administrative teams on various procedures and program requirements for the purpose of providing necessary information for the district to make decisions, take appropriate action and/or comply with established local, state and federal reporting applications and regulations. Typical Qualifications Job related experience within a specialized field is required Targeted, job related education with study in job-related area Valid Driver's License & Evidence of Insurability Supplemental Information Criminal Background Clearance WA State Sexual Misconduct Disclosure Release