With a focus on Mobility, Operational Excellence, Value to our Customers and the Electrification of vehicles, you can expect to be part of something exciting. From the sleek design of our vehicles to the unique opportunities we offer around the globe, Nissan exemplifies ingenuity in everything we do. Our people are what drive the business forward. We are currently looking for a Full Stack Developer Mobility Platform for Autonomous Vehicles to join our team in Silicon Valley, CA. Responsibilities include research and develop remote supervision and fleet management application for driverless mobility services. We are developing SAM (Seamless Autonomous Mobility), a supervision platform for a fleet of driverless vehicles to deliver safe, effective and socially acceptable mobility services. It was first demonstrated at CES 2017. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uIyjXh9wWro Job functions include but are not limited to Architect a cloud native Platform as a Service for driverless mobility services, coordinate, and collaborate with key internal and external stakeholders to build a scalable solution. Translate requirements from stakeholders into development tasks for the team and lead a team of developers to create functional prototypes. Conduct end-to-end tests with prototype autonomous vehicles on public roads and analyze experimental data to improve the service. Provide engineering insight and feedback to Designers and Product Owner. Deploy the mobility platform on AWS and support its use for a globally distributed research team. Track industry trends, evaluate new and alternative technologies; prepare proposals or reports related to present and future technology needs for new research projects. Minimum Qualifications: Master degree or PhD with industry experience related to automotive engineering & computer science. 3-5 years of professional experience as a Full Stack Developer with expertise with Java (Spring Boot), Python and JavaScript , JavaScript Single Page Application framework like React.js, AngularJS or similar. Bonus Points for experience with React.js framework, Exposure ROS (Robot Operating System), use of geo-spatial mapping libraries like MapBox, Google Maps, etc. Hands on experience with messaging protocols like DDS, MQTT, or similar technologies; Experience with Pair Programming, Test Driven Development and Agile methodology. Experience of leading a cross functional team of developers. Hands-on experience of designing a cloud native platform using AWS; Experience building and testing innovative prototypes from idea to execution. Welcome to an open lane of possibility. Drive your career forward and join the company leading the technology and business evolution of the automotive industry by applying today. All of us at Nissan – regardless of functional area or expertise – share a passion to design, manufacture, and sell high-performance vehicles. It is Nissan’s policy to provide Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of race, gender, military status, disability, or any other status protected by law. Candidates for this position must be legally authorized to work in the United States and will be required to provide proof of employment eligibility at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship for this position is not available at this time.