RigUp is hiring a full time junior-level A/P A/R team member to join our Accounting/Finance team in Austin! RigUp is the fastest growing technology startup in oil and gas, and we’re dedicated to transforming the energy industry for the better! Our growing platform enables our customers to do what they do best, with greater efficiency, less complexity and lower costs, while maintaining the highest safety and environmental standards. Individual will perform some of the company's vital cash conversion functions by helping with the back end of payment processing. Individual will manage our internal approval process for all outgoing payments, as well as oversee outgoing invoices. This individual must have exceptional attention to detail, as all payments need to be 100% correct when going out the door. This A/P A/R Associate will also work closely with product, operations, and sales teams to enhance internal controls and product integrations into accounting and finance process. This job does require work of a repetitive nature. We can process up to 400 payments and invoices on a daily basis are looking for someone who is able to stay focused and alert during every approval. This individual will need to own this process completely, and willing to help out with other A/P A/R needs as they arise. What We're Looking For Someone with EXCEPTIONAL attention to detail . Our department wouldn't run efficiently without the utmost attention to detail. Since the main function of this position is to review data entry, this individual should have a keen eye and be on the lookout for anything that looks out of place, even with the work's repetitive nature. Someone who is always learning. We want people who can quickly grow their expertise as we grow our product and business. There is always a more efficient way to do things, and we want someone who is able to find that solution and help to implement it. Someone who takes initiative and seeks responsibility. We approach our work with a flexible, lean mindset, and depend on people jumping in and taking charge. Requirements & Responsibilities Approve every payment going out the door for our billing contractors in a timely manner (Up to 400 a day, and growing) Approve every invoice going out the door to our clients in a timely manner (Up to 400 a day, and growing) Asses issues related to bill and invoice approvals as they arise and resolve in a timely manner Communicate with other internal departments to gather required information on a daily basis Assist A/R Associates with submitting invoices to third-party invoicing platforms Qualifications 4 Year College Degree (Or relevant experience) Nice to Haves (but not necessary) Attention to detail experience (specifically data entry driven) QuickBooks/NetSuite or similar accounting software experience Come join a diverse group of talented, dedicated people, including technical talent from places like Google, IBM, RetailMeNot, and StoredIQ; long-tenured and well-networked energy veterans; and seasoned players from venture capital—all of whom help to foster a fun, transparent and collaborative work environment.