Responsibilities: o Recommend, design and build data, reporting, analytics solutions based on various biz needs – structured and non-structured data. This could include data science initiatives including recommendation engines, predictive modeling, machine learning to various analytics deep dive needs to dashboards. o Partner closely with various internal biz functions to understand needs and make recommendations that are efficient, scalable and meets biz needs. Work closely with cross function team of big data engineers, QA, PM, vendor and service integrators to deploy recommendations in an agile method. o Define common business and development processes, platform and tools usage for data acquisition, storage, transformation, and analysis. Maintain and develop technical specifications and architecture map as biz needs evolve and be the internal SME. o Keep a keen eye on various data and technology trends, industry best practices and make recommendations to internal leadership on investments or pilots that would solve biz challenges and drive continuous improvement / efficiency. Qualifications: Strong technical chops o Deep technical knowledge and 5+ years direct hands on experience with various Big data platforms like Amazon Web Services, Elastic MapReduce or Azure and data migration to the cloud. Experience leading successful big data cloud migration project(s). o Strong knowledge of programming and scripting languages such as SQL, Java, Python, Ruby, or R. Data Science and Analytics experience is a plus (Machine Learning, Recommendation Engines, Search Personalization). o Technical team leading and team management experience, deep understanding of Agile (Scrum) process. o Practical expertise in performance tuning and optimization, bottleneck problems analysis; Solid technical expertise & troubleshooting skills. o BS/MS Degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering or related technical fields. Strong organization agility o Be able to work seamlessly across various biz teams and cross functional Tech teams to get work done. Always exploring opportunities to foster win-win situations that will benefit the broader organization needs. Strong communication skills o Strong written and verbal communication skills and be able to communicate effectively across various layers in the organization from data engineers to executives. o Experience engaging with senior leaders on various solutions and business problems. Be able to listen, understand and analyze requirements and recommend solutions that solve biz problems with the bigger picture in mind. LI-MR1 NOTE: Only those applicants under consideration will be contacted. Please accept our utmost appreciation for your interest. lululemon is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. Employment decisions are based on merit and business needs, and not on race, color, creed, age, sex, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, religion, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, military service, pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions or any other classification protected by federal, state or provincial and local laws and ordinances. Reasonable accommodation is available for qualified individuals with disabilities, upon request. This Equal Employment Opportunity policy applies to all practices relating to recruitment and hiring, compensation, benefits, discipline, transfer, termination and all other terms and conditions of employment. While management is primarily responsible for seeing that lululemon equal employment opportunity policies are implemented, you share in the responsibility for assuring that, by your personal actions, the policies are effective. Job : Information Technology Organization : Store Support Center Schedule : : Full-time Unposting Date : Ongoing