We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it. For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer. And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on new modalities, self-driving cars and even urban air transportation, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next. About the Role At Uber, providing amazing support that establishes trust for riders and driver partners—our community—is the prevalent feature of our product experience. We invest in it and believe in providing the highest quality service executed in the smartest, most efficient way. To support our mission, we’re looking for an Offshore Learning Operations Program lead to work alongside our US & Canada Regional Community Operations Learning Team. This multi-faceted role requires the critical thinking and proficiency to build and establish a learning strategy for our outsourced support network and deliver extraordinary partnership and communication to internal teams and business partners. We are looking for experts with experience in the Learning and Development and with a keen interest in utilizing strategic and quality driven thinking. This role is about building a strong foundation for learning processes and interaction with our largest network of support. What You’ll Do Advising key stakeholders and NorthAm Community Operations business partners on how to create a quality training partnership with outsource support vendors Collaborating closely with our internal business partners to launch and scale business needs Define strategy for certification of outsourced support learning program members (partners) and approach to ensuring support staff is properly supported Create standard process for launch, continuous learning, and learning led quality initiatives Manage and develop team of 3+ Learning Delivery Specialists dedicated to our outsourced support network Report to internal and external business stakeholders on key data and progress What You’ll Need Bachelor’s Degree with 5+ year experience building, managing, or supporting professional learning programs. Support center experience preferred Willingness to travel, internationally and domestically, at least 25% of the time Ability to navigate multiple priorities and stakeholders effectively Strong planning and organizational skills Deep knowledge of organizational behavior and how to make changes uinge formal and informal channels Enthusiasm for taking on problems and devising creative, bold solutions Excitement for learning new tools and technology Comfort managing a remote team that supports on-the-ground efforts Bonus Points if Remote management experience Project Management certification Master’s or graduate degree in a learning focused program About the Team The Regional Community Operations Learning Team and Community Operations organization are the driving force behind our customer support. These teams are focused on ensuring we’re delivering business driven results, and that those supporting these efforts are properly prepared.