Bellevue,Washington,United States BAMYP4 TIS is the new integrating element of the Global IT Infrastructure Services (GITIS) organization whose primary responsibilities are accelerating innovation, improving agility and ensuring technical quality in the integration and deployment of complex technology solutions. Technology Integration Services will be the primary engagement leader for GITIS to the Product Systems, Business and Supply Chain Systems, Data Analytics, and Information Security organizations. We are seeking two senior level Technical Integration Services Versatile Technologists in Bellevue, WA or North Charleston, SC whose position responsibilities will be to: Analyze technology and business requirements. Lead a multi-disciplined range of software and infrastructure related activities. Assist in organization, prioritization, and evaluation of Innovation ideas, including new Information Technology Infrastructure products, services, processes and/or structures. Identify new approaches to challenge the status quo with how to introduce, evaluate, and implement emerging Information Technology Infrastructure trends. Define and lead the execution of the Innovation Center operating rhythm and visibility and tracking of Innovation projects. Support development of business cases to support those types of projects. Stay current with the Information Technology Infrastructure trends and complete analysis and benchmark against other companies in the Information Technology Industry. Plan and coordinate highly complex software and hardware for enterprise release. Ensure systems conforms to the Enterprise architectural objectives. Evaluate complex system's production readiness and supportability. Performs complex system problem identification and resolution. Lead activities to integrate security and operational requirements into information systems. Boeing is the world's largest aerospace company and leading manufacturer of commercial airplanes and defense, space and security systems. We are engineers and technicians. Skilled scientists and thinkers. Bold innovators and dreamers. Join us, and you can build something better for yourself, for our customers and for the world. This position must meet Export Control compliance requirements, therefore a “US Person” as defined by 22 C.F.R. § 120.15 is required. “US Person” includes US Citizen, lawful permanent resident, refugee, or asylee. Basic Qualifications (Required Skills/Experience): Bachelor's degree or higher Minimum 3 years of experience managing technical projects Preferred Qualifications (Desired Skills/Experience): Program management experience Technical writing experience Experience with the Agile Framework Typical Education/Experience: Technical bachelor's degree and typically 9 or more years' related work experience or a Master's degree with typically 7 or more years' or a PhD degree with typically 4 or more years' related work experience or an equivalent combination of education and experience. A technical degree is defined as any four year degree, or greater, in a mathematic, scientific or information technology field of study. Yes, 10 % of the Time CIO, Information & Analytics Individual Contributor No No Standard United States; The Boeing Company North Charleston;South Carolina;United States~