The Office of Information Resources is seeking a director of instructional design and academic technology to lead the University's effort regarding the integration of technology into the curriculum, classroom, studio or laboratory, doing so in collaboration with program directors and faculty. Collaborate with faculty to identify solutions for challenges encountered in face-to-face, hybrid and online classrooms. Recruit, hire, manage and evaluate direct-report staff, including other instructional technologists. Master's degree in instructional design and technology or equivalent required. Supervisory experience required, three years minimum. The ideal candidate should have the ability to work effectively as a member of a team with other technology specialists, faculty and academic leadership is required. Proven and effective oral and written communications skills are a core requirement of the position. Ability and willingness to adapt to a fluid work environment, including both team and individual responsibilities are key to this position, as well as a demonstrated success working in a team environment focus on cooperative solutions. Promote the creation of high-quality learning experiences by collaborating with faculty and University leadership to integrate best practices in course design, pedagogy and technology adoption. Identify solutions that support teaching and learning in face-to-face, hybrid and online learning environments. Collaborate with all members of the Office of Information Resources team to provide excellent customer service to students, faculty and staff. Recruit, hire, manage and evaluate direct-report staff, including an instructional designer and/or instructional technologist (30%). Collaborate with the Center for Teaching Innovation and Nexus Learning in support of faculty development (e.g., design, implementation and assessment of pedagogical workshops; synchronous and asynchronous training sessions; individualized one-on-one support and nurturing of tech-assisted pedagogies). Assist with reviewing learning spaces to foster technology adoption and new ways of learning (30%). Investigate, pilot and/or recommend new technology solutions to support learning. Provides support to campus community in use of educational technology tools (20%). Oversee support for the University's learning management system (LMS), provides key information and updates regarding the system (15%). Jefferson Health delivers state-of-the-art healthcare services to patients throughout the Delaware Valley and southern New Jersey. Jefferson (Philadelphia University + Thomas Jefferson University) provides more than 7,800 students from nearly 40 states and 40 countries with 21 st century professional education. We have 30,000 employees. Jefferson Health , with 14 hospitals (three are Magnet-designated by the ANCC for nursing excellence) and 50+ outpatient and urgent care locations, offers a broad range of primary and complex, highly specialized care that touches the lives of more than four million patients annually . This year, U.S. News & World Report has ranked Thomas Jefferson University Hospital as the 16 th best hospital in the nation, and among the nation’s best in 11 specialties. Jefferson Health also includes the NCI-designated Sidney Kimmel Cancer Center; it is one of only 69 such centers in the nation. Thomas Jefferson University, nationally recognized for advancing groundbreaking developments in healthcare education and research, recently combined with Philadelphia University, internationally known for architecture, design, engineering, textiles and more. Jefferson (Philadelphia University + Thomas Jefferson University) has nine colleges and three schools dedicated to interprofessional and transdisciplinary approaches to learning that offer a vibrant and expandable platform for professional education. Through this unique model, we are preparing our students for current and yet-to-be-imagined careers. As an employer, the Jefferson Enterprise maintains a commitment to provide equal access to employment. Jefferson values diversity and encourages applications from women, members of minority groups, LGBTQ individuals, disabled individuals, and veterans. VISIT Jefferson Health VISIT Jefferson (Philadelphia University + Thomas Jefferson University