About Engility: Engility delivers innovative solutions to critical challenges facing the nation and the world. As a premier provider of integrated services for the U.S. government, we support the Department of Defense, intelligence community, space communities, federal civilian agencies and international customers. Engility is dedicated to making lives better, safer and more secure. Description: Engility is currently hiring a Configuration/Data Management Engineer to play a key role supporting the EELV program office at Los Angeles Air Force Base, CA. Your responsibilities will include the following: Ensure all CM required functions and activities are executed and documented, including: Managing technical review boards/configuration control boards, configuration identification, change control, status accounting, verification, reviews, audits, and metrics for the program baseline Develop and implement a Configuration Control Board (CCB) Operating Instruction (OI) to document the Change Control processes that are enforceable and subject to inspections Review tailored compliance documentation, coordinate associated review and document discrepancies prior to CCBs. Ensure all DM required functions and activities are executed and documented, including: Plan for near term and long term data architecture alternatives with Government approval by developing and maintaining a Data Management Plan to capture DM processes and procedures. Coordinate with the Government to incorporate a Contract Deliverable process to manage: verification, delivery, distribution, follow-up, and storage of all required data received from Launch Vehicle Contractors and supporting organizations. Manage a data library of formal programmatic and technical documents/agreements. Identify and maintain a road map for locating technical and programmatic documentation related for formal organization processes. Compile and store past historical relevant data, e.g., BAR reports, CCB documents, acquisition strategies, etc. Qualifications: Bachelor degree and 5 years of related experience or in lieu of degree 9 years of work related experience 5 or more years of experience in configuration/data management Experience using Microsoft Office, and Microsoft Planning tools Excellent analytical and application skills. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. An Active SECRET clearan ce EEO Statement: Engility Corporation is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. U.S. citizenship is required for most positions. For our complete EEO/AA and Pay Transparency statements, please click here .