The Database Administrator II is responsible for providing the full systems development life cycle of database services to the company. This individual handles day-to-day database maintenance and support activities. This individual is responsible for working with implementation teams, business owners, and all IT groups to ensure that database systems are implemented properly, compliant where applicable, and maintained to best practices. The Database Administrator II is responsible for tracking and resolving database related incidents and requests within SLAs (Service Level Agreements), reviewing service related reports (e.g: database backups, maintenance, monitoring) on a daily basis to ensure service related issues are identified and resolved within established SLAs. Essential Duties and Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned. Administers Microsoft SQL database servers and instances. Administers Oracle database servers and instances. Responsible for the full SDLC of database systems, including specification, selection, implementation, validation, monitoring, tuning, optimizing, backups, and decommissioning. Periodically audits databases to ensure compliance. Assists developers with stored procedures, functions and views. Troubleshoots and resolved database issues. Performs database health checks and optimizations. Performs backups, restores and recovery models. Performs index management, and statistics. Maintains database firewall software. Performs periodic database management (includes update/patching, upgrades, tuning, optimization, archiving.) Maintains, develops and implements policies and procedures for ensuring the security and integrity of all databases. Plans and conducts structured testing of database designs to confirm functionality and performance. Performs routine and customary operational and monitoring activities to ensure the database environment is stable and capable of meeting ongoing business needs. Education and/or Experience: Bachelors’ degree in Computer Information Systems, or equivalent knowledge required. Equivalent knowledge may be obtained by having current Microsoft and Oracle training certification or having worked at least four years as a SQL and Oracle DBA. Minimum of two years experience with Microsoft and Oracle database systems required. Experience in Performance Tuning and Optimization (PTO), using native monitoring and troubleshooting tools. Experience working with third party database monitoring and security systems. Supervisory Responsibilities: none Qualifications: Strong understanding of Microsoft SQL technology. Experience with Database Administration for MSSQL 05+ Server. Experience with database administration for Oracle 10 or higher server preferred. Good communication and documentation skills. Previous experience troubleshooting T-SQL code. Basic Microsoft .NET knowledge (VB.NET, C). Knowledge of High Availability (HA) and Disaster Recovery (DR) options for MSSQL Server. Computer Skills: Must be proficient in MS Office Suite. Must be proficient in MS SQL Management Studio. Must have basic knowledge of SQL Profiler. Familiarity with SQL Engine Tuning Advisor preferred. Certificates, Licenses, Registrations: One or more of the following certifications is preferred: MCTS, MCITP, MVP. Other Skills and Abilities: Experience in implementing operational automation using scripts. Performs duties independently in a highly dynamic fast-paced business environment. Demonstrates attention to detail. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Exhibits superior customer service skills _._ Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail are required. Ability to manage both day-to-day operations as well as project work. Physical Demands: _The physical demands here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job._ This position requires minimal travel; average travel for this position is 5-10% with some variation based upon the demands of the business imperatives. Work Environment: _The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job._ No specific work demands. _To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed above are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions._