Position Summary: The New York County District Attorney's Office (DANY) has an opening for a Bilingual (English/Russian) Cybercrime Intelligence Analyst in the Cybercrime Intelligence Unit of its Cybercrime and Identity Theft Bureau (CITB). CITB is committed to protecting the public by investigating and prosecuting sophisticated cybercrime and identity theft schemes, including cases involving check and credit card fraud, cyber impersonation, cyber-stalking and bullying, computer hacking, as well as money laundering and threats to financial institutions. The Cybercrime Intelligence Unit is a team within the Bureau conducting proactive investigations of cybercriminals, with the goal of protecting New York County's residents and financial infrastructure. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Assist in sensitive and complex long-term investigations into cybercrime and identity theft. Collect, organize, and research a wide range of data to develop intelligence and investigative leads on cybercriminals. Generate subpoenas, spreadsheets, charts, and other exhibits for investigative purposes. Use specialized software to examine hard drives and other seized media. Perform in-depth computer searches of investigative targets. Communicate investigative results to other team members and appropriate supervisors. Act as a liaison to prosecutors and other law enforcement agencies. Perform data entry and other administrative tasks as assigned. Qualifications: Must read, write, and speak Russian at an advanced level. Knowledge of Ukranian and Bulgarian a plus. Highly skilled in standard computer operating systems and software (Windows, Microsoft Office, Excel, Word, PowerPoint) with strong ability to learn new software. Ability to work with large amounts of information and data. Database skills a plus. Detail oriented with superior organizational, analytical, writing, and communication skills. Working knowledge of DANY and New York State court systems a plus. Previous experience working with other law enforcement and intelligence communities. Ability to work independently and in team settings. Educational Requirements: Bachelor's degree required. Commitment: A two (2) year commitment to the hiring bureau is required. The New York County District Attorney's Office is an Equal Opportunity Employer