This candidate will serve as data scientist/analyst in NYC DOT?s Bike Share Program, which is responsible for planning and oversight of the Citi Bike system and dockless bike share services. Citi Bike is a public transportation service that consists of 12,000 bicycles at over 750 rental stations in Manhattan, Brooklyn, and Queens. It is a public-private partnership launched in 2013 between DOT and Motivate, the system?s private-sector operator. Dockless bike share is a new service model that has the potential to bring bike share services to parts of NYC not served by Citi Bike; DOT is piloting and evaluating this model in 2018. Under the direction of the Executive Director and senior Program staff, this candidate will perform research and analysis activities related to bike share program data that will inform current and future planning; conduct economic research and studies involving estimates and forecasts regarding bike share transportation services; develop analyses of data based on economic studies; collect, classify, evaluate, and analyze economic and other data, develop statistical models, and use programming language to examine complex and nuanced questions about bike share services; prepare reports and briefing materials on the Citi Bike system and dockless services; monitor vendor compliance with governmental regulations, DOT policies, and contract terms; establish and monitor best practices, policies, procedures and documentation around bike share data; plan, design, maintain, and support unit internal databases; communicate technical and economic issues to technical and non-technical audiences; and perform related duties. Minimum Qual Requirements 1\. A master's degree from an accredited college or university in economics, statistics, finance, management, business administration, public administration, public policy or related field; or 2. A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college or university, including or supplemented by 24 semester credits in one or more of the course areas of economics, statistics, finance, management, mathematics, business administration, public administration, and public policy, 12 semester credits of which must have been in economics; and one year of satisfactory full-time experience in one or more of the fields of finance; economic, fiscal or statistical research; policy analysis; or quantitative, business, market or financial analysis. Graduate semester credits in any of the areas described in "1" above may be substituted for the undergraduate semester credits on the basis that each 3 graduate semester credits may be substituted for 6 of the required undergraduate semester credits. Special Note To be eligible for placement in Assignment Level II individuals must have, in addition to meeting the minimum requirements, at least one additional year of full-time experience listed in "2" above. Special Note To be eligible for placement in Assignment Level III individuals must have, in addition to meeting the minimum requirements, at least two additional years of full-time experience listed in "2" above. Preferred Skills Very strong preference given to candidates demonstrating strong creative and analytical problem-solving skills and having experience or demonstrated interest in transportation dynamics, transportation policy, bike share, and/or cycling. Preference given to candidates possessing advanced statistical analysis skills and proficiency with associated software programs, including but not limited to MySQL, GIS, and Python/other analytical programming languages. Experience working with the public, community groups, and New York City agencies, and strong verbal and written communication skills all desired. To Apply All resumes are to be submitted electronically.Current City Employees: Please log into Employee Self Service (ESS) at https://hrb.nycaps.nycnet, follow the Careers link and search for Job ID number 355927.All other applicants: Please go to www.nyc.gov/careers/search and search for Job ID Number 355927.If you do not have access to a personal computer: Please visit your local public library. Most public libraries have computers available for use.No phone calls, faxes or personal inquiries permitted.Only those applicants under consideration will be contacted.For more information about DOT, visit us at: www.nyc.gov/dot. Work Location 55 Water St Ny Ny Residency Requirement New York City residency is generally required within 90 days of appointment. However, City Employees in certain titles who have worked for the City for 2 continuous years may also be eligible to reside in Nassau, Suffolk, Putnam, Westchester, Rockland, or Orange County. To determine if the residency requirement applies to you, please discuss with the agency representative at the time of interview.