Cyber Security Analyst - 255536 Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco Primary Location CA-San Francisco Full-time / Part-time Full-time Employee Status Regular Overtime Status Exempt Job Type Experienced Travel Yes, 10 % of the Time Shift Day Job Work Hours 40 Job Sensitivity Tier II - Credit Check Cyber Security Analyst Who We Are: The National Incident Response Team (NIRT) is a national service provider for the Federal Reserve System, and it delivers an effective and efficient array of security services including intrusion detection, incident response, security intelligence, threat assessments, and vulnerability assessments. The mission of NIRT’s Incident Detection and Analysis (IDA) team, and where this Cyber Security Analyst’s position exists, is to be an agile team that effectively detects, analyzes and investigates information security incidents throughout the United States’ Federal Reserve System. The IDA team focuses on ensuring the security and integrity of critical enterprise systems and environments through the use of various analytical data mining techniques and automation tactics. What You Will Be Doing: As a member of the 24x7x365 IDA team, you will: Analyze a large volume of security event data from a variety of sources with the goal of identifying suspicious and malicious activity. Identify, track and report network intrusions using multiple cyber technologies. Build and maintain custom security detection logic to analyze and correlate information to produce meaningful and actionable results. Perform follow-up analysis throughout the incident lifecycle, and complete projects and tasks associated with security monitoring, detection, and incident response. What We Are Looking For in Candidates: Deep technical knowledge in the fields of Networking, Information Security and Operating Systems. Understand computer network infrastructure, including being a packet expert – read and take apart PCAPs. Well versed in cyber security principles. Know, recognize and explain types of attacks. Be current on the threatscape. Effectively use various operating systems and understand how they operate. Ability to devise ways to detect and/or mitigate threats and new attack vectors. Desire to find efficiencies and automate detection and analysis. Passion in information security and a drive for learning and excellence. Required Qualifications: Must be a current United States Citizen and be able to obtain and maintain a National Security Clearance. Have a B.S. or M.S. in Computer related degree or equivalent experience. Work Schedule: San Francisco, CA location: Afternoon shift with occasional rotating nights and weekends. Why Join Our Amazing Team: Great location (San Francisco, CA or East Rutherford, NJ). Cutting edge technologies. Ability to telecommute frequently. Tuition reimbursement program. Great benefits (Healthcare Options, Employer match 401K up to 6%, Pension Plan). Multiple growth opportunities within the National Incident Response Team. Tangible and impactful mission. Professional development, training and conferences, are strongly supported. Great team of security professionals who are passionate, respectful, and driven to excellence