Overview Do you want to make a difference when it comes to building iconic structures? Are you looking to put your drone operating skills to use while building hospitality, healthcare, aviation, high-rise, mixed-use and higher education structures? Austin Commercial is currently seeking a Drove / UAV Operator for projects in the Austin, TX area. We excel at what we do and are looking for talented professionals that want to excel with us. Duties This role will perform a variety of tasks related to flying a drone/UAV on Austin Industries Projects and Pursuit sites. It will also include working with our construction technology and project teams to create meaningful workflows from drone flight outputs. Please note: This is a part-time position with a guaranteed 24-28 hours per week. Responsibilities Pre-flight Manage & Maintain Drone Equipment Create & Maintain Drone Flight Schedules Manage Austin Drone Flight Calendar Identify if any waivers are needed If needed submit waivers to FAA Transport the Drone to Project sites Develop Flight Plans Identify safe take-off/landing areas Identify height of tallest obstruction Perform pre-flight checklist Fly the Drone Observe flight Swap batteries as needed Shutdown, pack, transport Post-Flight Transfer data from drone to iPad Transfer data from iPad to cloud Review processed data for accuracy Update overlays and stockpiles Download requested aerials Drone Output Workflows Develop workflows for BIM 360 Field Develop workflows for BIM 360 Glue Develop workflows for project sites Develop other custom workflows as needed This is a part-time position with a guaranteed 24-28 hours per week. Qualifications A Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering, Architecture, Construction Management, or related degree program is preferred but not required. Candidate must have passed the FAA Part 107 Exam and be registered to fly drones/UAVs on commercial project sites. We offer excellent benefits including medical, dental, life and disability insurance, and a matching 401K plan. We are proud to be a 100% Employee Owned Company! To learn more about Austin’s Employee Ownership history, please go to http://www.austin-ind.com/employee-ownership.html Austin Commercial is an Equal Opportunity Employer. About Austin Commercial This is an opportunity to join one of North America's most respected and fastest growing Commercial/Aviation construction firms. With regional operations and iconic projects across the United States, Austin Commercial has clearly established itself as a builder and employer of choice. From complex airports, healthcare facilities, educational institutions, research labs and sports facilities, and other emerging markets, brings ingenuity and a proven track record through construction manager at risk, bid-build, design-build, fast track, etc.