Digital Promise is an independent, bipartisan 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization authorized by Congress to spur innovation in education for all levels of learners. Positioned at the intersection of educators, entrepreneurs, and researchers, Digital Promise identifies, develops, and promotes strategies to improve all levels of education and provide Americans with the knowledge and skills needed to compete in the global economy. Digital Promise is a fast- paced, growing, entrepreneurial organization that values and rewards performance, collaboration, and innovation. About the Position Digital Promise is seeking a Learning Experience Manager to support educator professional learning through direct support programs and publications. Digital Promise is committed to expanding opportunities for all educators and students to learn through authentic and empowering experiences that develop life skills from problem solving and critical thinking to computation thinking and design. We advocate for and support implementation of Challenge Based Learning, maker learning and media creation, as embedded elements of learning that all students should have the opportunity to experience in and out of school. The Learning Experience Manager will design and implement professional learning experiences both in-person and online, and design material and resources to support both student and educator learning. They will serve as a coach and network facilitator for educators engaged in Digital Promise professional learning programs. They will collaborate with administrators at participating schools and with other Digital Promise initiatives including the League of Innovative Schools and Learning Sciences Research. Responsibilities Lead professional learning workshops in person and online. Coach educators, integrating feedback and data for continuous improvement. Facilitate professional learning networks and cohorts in person and online. Design and develop constructivist learning materials including student and teacher project guides. Work with school leaders and school-based coaches to better support teachers. Qualifications Bachelor's degree plus 8 years experience as a K-12 educator and/or instructional coach at the middle or high school level. Experience creating tools, projects, and curricula for Middle and/or High School students. Experience with student-centered pedagogies designed to support deep engagement with real world challenges. . Experience working with educators and leading professional development programs. Proven abilities to manage external and internal relationships, prioritize and take action independently, and think creatively and strategically. Comfort working with others synchronously and asynchronously online, as well as in person. Strong organizational skills with an impeccable attention to detail and design. Advanced writing, communication, and copy editing skills. Comfort and facility with quickly learning new and unfamiliar tools and technologies. Ability to work independently in a fast-paced environment and manage competing tasks, deadlines, requirements, and decisions. A passion for education, a team mentality, creativity, and a positive “can-do” “yes-and” spirit. Ability to travel up to 30% time. Compensation Salary and benefits will be commensurate with experience.