Job Information Job Summary: Under the general direction of the Supervisor, Library Materials Payments, the Payments Assistant is responsible for reviewing and paying invoices received for library resources in all formats, including materials ordered by the East Asian and Law Libraries. Duties also include submitting ePayment requests, processing reimbursement requests in cases where individuals have purchased materials for the library collections following Library guidelines and procedures, and communicating with vendors. Working in collaboration with other Library staff and University Financial Services, the incumbent will assist with the prompt resolution of complex problems involving payment- related issues. Responsibilities: Process invoices for payment using library management system (LMS). (35%) Review invoices in the payment application and submit ePayment requests for wire transfers. (35%) Use resources such as LMS and payment application to verify receipt and payment information and assist in researching or resolving complex problems related to duplicate billing, vendor inconsistencies, vendor invoices, credit memos, unsolicited or duplicate receipts. (10%) Process reimbursement requests. (5%) Communicate with vendors in response to inquiries and to request invoices or other payment-related or vendor profile information. (5%) Track and troubleshoot payments in process and provide supporting information or documentation required by the Financial Services office to resolve payment issues. (2%) Other duties as assigned, including but not limited to (8%): Work closely with Continuing Resources and Receiving staff to verify receipt of materials for payment purposes. Assist with training of new hires. Assist with semiannual Book Sale duties as required, including cash register and credit card machine functions. Maintain the paid invoices file, including stamping and filing paid invoices according to departmental rules, and completing an annual file review. Obtain foreign currency exchange rates and update them in the library management system. Create vendor records needed for payment, including submitting vendor profile requests via the Financial Services Shared Services system. Maintain several spreadsheets and folders on the departmental shared drive related to vendor and payment matters. Collect checks from Financial Services and match them with enclosures to be sent out. Recommend changes in procedures to streamline processes as appropriate. Competencies: Manage interpersonal relationships and interact/communicate with clarity, tact and courtesy with patrons, staff, faculty, students, and others; communicate effectively in English, both orally and in writing; identify priorities; recognize and resolve or refer problems; work effectively with supervisor and as a part of a team; and use or learn a range of position-related software applications. Ability to identify and act in accordance with departmental priorities, and to exercise discretion and sound judgment in the execution of all duties, required. Demonstrated effective independent problem-solving and decision-making skills required. Strong attention to detail and accuracy as well as excellent organizational skills required. Ability to effectively plan, prioritize, and complete work in a timely manner required. Ability to read and interpret complex instructions required. Ability to perform multiple tasks accurately and simultaneously while handling frequent interruptions required. Ability to manage duties with flexibility and adaptability as office procedures, processes, and technology change required. Additional Requirements Education, Experience or Certifications: Education: High School Diploma or equivalent required. Experience: Relevant work experience required. Previous experience in payments processing or accounting preferred. Previous experience working in a library, particularly in acquisitions, preferred. Experience searching in various bibliographic databases preferred. Technical Knowledge and Skills: Demonstrated knowledge of related data processing procedures and operations required. Demonstrated proficiency in word processing, spreadsheet, and database software required. Reading knowledge of at least one (1) non-English Western European language required. Familiarity with currency exchange rates and the ability to correctly identify different foreign languages required. Working Conditions and Physical Requirements: Office environment. Ability to carry or lifts loads of up to 25 lbs. Ability to hear, including making fine discriminations in sound. Ability to see, including color, depth perception, or clarity; must be able to visually focus on print and electronic material for long periods. Ability to sit for 4 hours or more. Ability to use computers extensively for 4 hours or more. Ability to make repetitive wrist, hand, or finger movements. Ability to operate equipment necessary to perform job. Effective audio-visual discrimination and perception. Ability to Use Standard Work Station Equipment. Ability to Use Standard Office Equipment. Must be able to type at least 40 words per minute. Required Documents: Resume NOTE: When applying, all required documents MUST be uploaded under the Resume/CV section of the application Pay Range: $15.88 - $18.54 Benefit Eligibility Yes Pay Frequency Hourly Pay Range Please refer to Additional Requirements to see the pay ranges Scheduled Weekly Hours 37.5 Union 024- Local 743, I.B.T. Clerical Job is Exempt? No Drug Test Required? No Does this position require incumbent to operate a vehicle on the job? No Health Screen Required? No Posting Date 2018-08-07-07:00 Remove from Posting On or Before 2019-02-07-08:00