Google is known for our innovative technologies, products and services — and for the people behind them. The Google People Services (GPS) team focuses on providing an amazing experience to past, present and future Googlers. As an Operations Strategy Associate, you’ll use your technical expertise, business acumen and client relations skills to help our team find and develop the best talent in the world. Whether it’s forecasting hiring needs, developing tools to automate HR systems or analyzing the impact of one of our staffing programs, your work will be crucial in ensuring that we make intelligent, data-driven decisions. You’ll work in close partnership with the staffing and operations management teams to lead action-oriented analyses and provide regular weekly and monthly reports on performance and trends. Projects might include applying statistical techniques to make hiring projections for a specific function or role, using supply chain techniques to provide forward looking insight into our candidate pipeline or developing models to build our global resource planning model. Above all else, you’ll focus on ensuring that our organization is well-informed and able to make our people-related processes and systems better, faster and more user-friendly. As a Business Intelligence Analyst, you’ll play an important role in helping our People Services Operations team ensure that Googlers and future Googlers have a magical experience from before they’re hired to their first day on the job and throughout their career in Google. We focus on providing an amazing experience to past, present and future Googlers, and work in Google’s fast- paced environment to deliver operational services, manage the contingent workforce and implement HR programs across multiple countries. Regardless of location or level of experience, members of the Operations team have the opportunity to create, develop and implement some of the most complex global operations around the world. Great just isn't good enough for our People Operations team (you probably know us better as "Human Resources"). Made up of equal parts HR professionals, former consultants and analysts, we're the champions of Google's colorful culture. In People Ops, we "find them, grow them, and keep them" - we bring the world's most innovative people to Google and provide the programs that help them thrive. Whether recruiting the next great Googler, refining our core programs, developing talent or simply looking for ways to inject some more fun into the lives of our Googlers, we bring a data-driven approach that is reinventing the human resources field. Responsibilities Structure and perform analyses independently, and conduct research to uncover the insights that support our recommendations. Develop value-add analysis and partner with Operations leadership to define and analyze key success metrics, measure efficiency, and inform the best possible business decisions. Participate in development of new strategies and implementation of processes and tools (including machine learning) to allow the People Services Operations to scale effectively as Google grows. Own the “Single Source of Truth” working with other teams in the Operations organization. Understand the Google People Services Operations and People Operations process landscape to identify opportunities to improve processes to ensure a magical Googler experience. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Mathematics, Business Administration, Computer Science, Finance, Statistics, related field or equivalent practical experience. 3 years of industry experience. Programming experience (R, Python, SQL, etc.). Experience in management consulting or business strategy with work experience as an analyst or in an analytical role. Preferred qualifications: Excellent analytical and problem solving skills with capability to process large amounts of data to drive business strategies and decisions Ability to self-start and self-direct work in an unstructured and fast-paced environment. Comfortable dealing with ambiguity. Excellent communications skills and solutions and client service-oriented, with an emphasis on creativity and diligence. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.