Overview Responsible for data entry and lab assistant duties. Accurately handles and processes all laboratory specimens, ensuring specimen integrity by adhering to laboratory procedures. Serves as a resource for specimen and testing information. Data entry duties consist of entering patient, client, billing and test information into the Laboratory Information System. Information is either typed and 10-keyed into the system or accepted through electronic interfaces established with CPL clients. Respects and maintains the confidentiality of information relative to the laboratory. Adheres to and enforces prescribed laboratory safety policies and regulations. Works independently with minimal direction. Functions as a liaison between the laboratory and the laboratory customers. Has the ability to work as a team member in a production work environment. Operates general laboratory equipment, including but not limited to: telephones, computer keyboards and CRT, centrifuges, and scanning equipment. Effectively communicates via written, verbal, face-to-face, telephone, and computer methods. Responsibilities Utilizes technical skills and abilities to accurately handle and process specimens. Follows laboratory procedures for specimen processing Correctly identifies proper tubes, containers, transport media and storage temperature for each test type. Determines specimen acceptability, consulting with specimen processing supervisor, technologist, or pathologist as needed taking appropriate action when necessary. Utilizes job knowledge, judgment, and problem solving skills to ensure quality Utilizes appropriate resources to answer inquiries for basic customer related issues. Utilizes appropriate resources for proper specimen processing Understands and follows all safety, infection control, and OSHA Bloodborne Pathogen guidelines. Participates in departmental quality assurance programs. Participates in departmental training programs Utilizes job knowledge, judgment and problem solving skills to ensure quality of work. Accurately enters all required information presented on CPL or client specific requisitions into the laboratory information system. Understands and recognizes laboratory information system alerts and flags and takes the appropriate actions. Recognizes when information presented on requisitions is unclear and ambiguous and knows and follows corrective actions to be taken. Participates in departmental quality assurance practices. May act as a resource to others who require assistance/training. Follows all departmental policies and procedures related to data entry Recognizes personal limitations and seeks guidance from supervisors or managers when needed. Enthusiastically performs miscellaneous duties with completion in a designated time frame Qualifications Education and Experience: Minimum- High School Diploma or GED Preferred- two years of laboratory training or experience in specimen collection and processing. Data entry experience in a production environment Skills: Ability to read, analyze, and interpret technical reports. Ability to write accurate and concise clinical documents, memos, and required correspondence. Ability to collect and analyze data using statistical methods. Ability to communicate effectively at all levels within the laboratory and with laboratory customers. Typing skills; proficiency with 10 key. Additional Information Must be able to successfully complete pre-employment background check and drug screen, EOE