Founded in 2003, InvenSense Inc., a TDK Group Company, is the world’s leading provider of MEMS sensor platforms. InvenSense’s vision of Sensing Everything™ targets the consumer electronics and industrial markets with integrated Motion and Sound solutions. Our solutions combine MEMS (micro electrical mechanical systems) sensors, such as accelerometers, gyroscopes, compasses, and microphones with proprietary algorithms and firmware that intelligently process, synthesize, and calibrate the output of sensors, maximizing performance and accuracy. InvenSense’s motion tracking, audio and location platforms, and services can be found in many of the world’s largest and most iconic brands including smartphones, tablets, wearables, drones, gaming devices, internet of things, automotive products, and remote controls for smart TVs. InvenSense is headquartered in San Jose, CA and has offices in Boston, China, Taiwan, Korea, Japan, France, Canada, Slovakia, and Italy. We’re looking for top-notch Engineers to join our global team. If you’re interested in being a part of our journey and helping us grow to become the leading provider of SoC platform solutions, we definitely want to hear from you. We are looking for a Quality Management System Manager for our San Jose office. Primary Job Responsibilities Lead / support cross functional team quality activities and training in support of companywide ISO9001/TS16949 implementation and certification activities, including German Association of the Automotive Industry (VDA) standard. Lead periodic “Quality Management System” review and update. Develop, implement, conduct, sustain, and lead required company-wide “Internal Audit” and related follow up / training. Work with the internal teams including design and software teams to implement and maintain reliability standards based on the Safety ISO26262 (international standard for functional safety of electrical and/or electronic systems in Automotive products) including the development of FMEDA. Lead development, implementation and continuous improvement of the company Document Control System including ongoing enhancements of different modules of Agile PLM (Product Lifecycle Management) such as PQM (Product Quality management and PC (product Collaboration). Develop, implement and maintain an effective PCN/ EOL notification system. Develop, implement, maintain, and train all of the fundamental Automotive product quality core elements / tools, including Process and Design FMEAs, MSA, SPC (Process capability & Process performance of variable data, Control chart), PPAP, APQP, and CAPA. Lead all “Corporate Sustainability” activities based on the requirements outlined in EICC and GRI. Lead Company BCP (Business Continuity Plan) and DRP (Disaster Recover Pan) activities. Participate, review, analyze and prepare the “Customer QBR” summaries, identifying the “highlights” and “lowlights” of different areas, such as Quality, Technology, On time delivery, Cost, and Service.Work with all affected departments to drive the corrective actions for the lowlights to proper closures. Support Automotive APQP process tracking/ resolve all APQP elements / issues for different phases of the automotive products. Support all activities leading to the completion of the PPAPs and securing the Customer approvals. Work closely with Customer Quality Engineering Group in supporting / leading all Customer Visits / audits activities Lead customer “Master Purchase Agreement (MPA)” review, assessment, negotiations with customers from Quality side and develop the MPA database. Work closely with PLC (Product Life Cycle) Council with the goal of “ongoing” PLC process improvement. Lead developing, reviewing all applicable company-wide procedures, polices, specifications. Define and implement Quality Standards and best practices and drive continuous improvement through the implementation of these best practices. Educational /Experience Requirements A BS / MS in a technical discipline (EE, ME, IE). A minimum of 10 to 15 years’ experience in in developing, implementing and sustaining complex Quality Management Systems and experience in leading/driving/implementing ISO9001/TS1694 from the onset through receiving the certifications is required. Familiarity and experience with AEC Q100 qualification process. Familiarity and experience with automotive core elements: PPAP, APQP, MSA, FMEA.Proven results in performing APQP, and PPAP is a must. Experience in SPC (Statistical Process Control). Proven results leading internal and external audit activities.Having “Lead Auditor” certifications is a plus. Familiarity with total semiconductor life cycle is a must. Familiarity with ISO14001 an ISO OHSAS 18001 is a plus. Experience in Automotive environment NPI activities is a plus. Experience working with Foundry, Assembly (packaging), and test process, qualification is a plus. Excellent verbal and written communication is a must. Experience in direct customer / supplier interface is a must. Proven results of perming DOE, GR&R; is a plus. Familiarity with MEMS technology and manufacturing process is a plus. Excellent people skills, organizational skills, program management capability, and the ability of managing multiple projects with competing priorities in parallel is required. Complete proficiency in use of the Microsoft Office products (Excel, PowerPoint, Microsoft Project) is required. Ability to work in a very fast paced, process riven / result oriented with a sense of urgency and passion is a must. Six Sigma Black Belt is a plus.