Are you a recent college grad or about to graduate college? Are you willing to learn new technology and work hard to jump start your career? If so, this is great opportunity for you! Why work at L3 ComCept in Rockwall, TX? ComCept offers… A work location only 30 minutes from the heart of downtown Dallas and 5 minutes from Lake Ray Hubbard Flexible work schedules including every other Friday off An end of year shutdown plus a generous Paid Time Off program A highly competitive base salary which will help pay off those student loans An opportunity to work on a small team A challenging and rewarding development environment An “Employee First” mindset A focus on innovation Your Day to Day Responsibilities Include But Are Not Limited To: Automating the distillation of massive amounts of data down into understandable nuggets of information Developing analytics for large non-homogeneous data sets Being creative and innovative in how complex (and big) data is processed in distributed systems Working with the end-user to make sure the analytics transform data to knowledge in very focused and meaningful ways Working with a fast moving team, interested in the best technical solution, and open to new ideas that make the product better for our customer Qualifications Required Skills and Qualifications: U.S. Citizenship The ability to obtain and maintain a DoD security clearance A Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Physics, or Mathematics. A related degree may be considered Zero to one (0 - 1) year(s) of experience A minimum 3.0 cumulative GPA is required ( Please upload Transcript when applying and include GPA on Resume ) Working knowledge of software programming such as Java and Python The ability to solve new problems collaboratively and creatively Interest in learning about Analytics and Machine Learning Interest in learning about analytic engines (Apache Storm, Apache Spark) Interest in learning about functional programming languages (Scala, Cloujure) Interest in learning about NoSQL Databases (Accumulo), distributed search (ElasticSearch, Solr), and distributed systems design Interest in learning about Git and Agile Team Collaboration Tools Desired Skills and Qualifications: Applicable internship and/or research experience Only candidates that meet the qualifications as outlined above will be contacted for further information. Candidates must be able to obtain/maintain a DoD clearance which requires U.S. Citizenship and must be able to pass additional security background checks as required. About Us : L3 Technologies ComCept specializes in ISR sensor networking, data processing, visualization, advanced analytics, and antenna systems. We are a results driven organization focused the delivery of quality products and services to our customers. We are currently experiencing rapid growth and increasing market share which gives us the ability to provide excellent career advancement potential. Our competitive benefits package includes medical, dental, vision, 401(k) matching, tuition reimbursement, eligibility to work a 9/80 schedule which means you could have every other Friday off, and a generous vacation policy. L3 Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer of Minorities / Females/ Veterans/ Individuals with Disabilities/ Sexual Orientation/ Gender Identity. We maintain a drug-free workplace and perform pre-employment substance abuse testing and background checks. US Security Clearance Required : None Schedule : Full-time Shift : Day - 1st Travel : No Organization : Division - Comcept-20000033 Job Level : Entry Level Job Posting : Jul 18, 2018, 2:11:43 PM Job : Engineering-Hardware/Software