SUMMARY: The QA Technician is responsible for ensuring that the assigned areas of the Quality Management System (QMS) are effectively controlled and in compliance to the requirements specified in OCC’s QMS, the relevant international standards and other applicable regulations. The QA Technician will be the primary contact/lead for Returned Materials Authorization (RMA), Corrective Action Request (CAR) processing, Preventative Action Request (PAR) processing, and to ensure OCC compliance to daily business practices, ISO requirements and other applicable standards. Responsibilities: The Quality Technician will perform any of the following job responsibilities as assigned by the Quality Manager and as necessary to maintaining OCC’s QMS: RMA: Accurately conduct timely Failure Mode Analysis of nonconforming product returned through the RMA process. Coordinate and follow up for complaints and returned product. Corrective Action: Responsible for determining root cause of nonconformances, development and implementation of irreversible corrective actions and completion of the CAR form. These actions will be performed in a timely fashion and the results will be reported to management. Continuous Improvements: Initiation and implementation of Preventive Action Requests to facilitate continuous improvements in all aspects of the business. Calibration: Identification of all equipment that requires calibration, assigning equipment numbers, determining calibration frequency and ensuring calibration is completed on schedule. Inspection: Assist in visual and mechanical inspection of product at Incoming, In-process and Final quality inspections. This includes, but is not limited to, the use of measurement equipment such as micrometers, rulers and optical measurement equipment. Audits: Initiation, facilitation and completion of Internal Audits of the QMS. Nonconforming material: Ensure that nonconforming material is identified, controlled and dispositioned to prevent its unintended use or delivery. Data Analysis: Collect and evaluate data to determine compliance to goals for key process indicators. Work Instructions: Work with other departments to create, verify/validate, issue and maintain Standard Operating Procedures. Promotes OCC’s service excellence and quality. Provides excellent service to customers; builds strong relationships and team cohesiveness; focuses on quality and positive solutions; communicates respectfully; demonstrates compassion and understanding in response to customer request/needs. Champions OCC’s vision and values __ (as outlined in our _15 Essential Points of Success_ ); complies with policies and procedures, ethical standards and Code of Conduct. ESSENTIAL SKILLS, ABILITIES AND KNOWLEDGE: Good computer skills (Word, Excel, ERP). Compile, organization, and charting data for use by Management. Ability to understand and implement quality procedures. Good math and handwriting skills required and the ability to correctly complete all paperwork. Good oral, written, and interpersonal skills required with the ability to give direction, advice, and assistance to others. Ability to work in a team environment and assist in training, motivating, monitoring and evaluating others. Attention to detail with the ability to complete assignments accurately and to recognize, record and help solve problems. Able to organize, complete tasks, and manage time. Ability to work with minimal supervision. EDUCATION: Two (2) year associate degree in engineering or science and two (2) years quality or engineering experience preferred. Equivalent work experience may be substituted for education requirements – 2 years for every year of college. Working Conditions: While performing this job, the employee is regularly required to stand and must be reasonably ambulatory. The employee must regularly lift and/or move up to 35 lbs. This job requires vision sufficient for completing quality work, reading comprehension and computer use. This work also requires hearing sufficient for normal workplace conversation and training. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate. The employee is regularly exposed to moving mechanical parts, fumes or airborne particles, and toxic or caustic chemicals. Reasonable accommodation may be made to enable individuals with a disability to perform the essential functions. Specific vison abilities required by this job include color vision. Note: This job description is only meant to be a representative summary of the major responsibilities and accountabilities performed by incumbents of this job. The incumbents may be requested to perform job-related tasks other than those stated in this description.