Top level technical expert in several highly specialized phases of software engineering and IT architecture. Works with clinical staff to develop and build informational databases for research and clinical quality improvement purposes. Must be able to develop and maintain programmatic procedures to solve complex problems considering computing resources capacity and limitations, operating time and form of desired results. Responsible for architecture, design, development, testing, debugging, and documentation of software applications, possessing full technical knowledge across all phases of software development. Must be able to work with clinical professionals to “mine” data from the multiple sources and multiple, disparate systems. Web Development, both internet and intranet are also a component of this position. The position will be the principle architect of the interface and automation of analytics query and advanced analytics for prediction and outcome monitoring. This individual’s work will mobilize the data from SQL query into robust analytics architecture for display, predictive work, monitoring and data optimization. Our team seeks to connect research, high level machine learning and operational data to derive value and sustain strong growth. PRINCIPLE DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Builds multiple departmental databases for both quality and research purposes Must have the ability to "mine" the above databases in working on several projects Must be able to program in multiple languages on multiple platforms, including Python, R, Java, C, Shell scripting, C/C++ and familiarity with Linux/Unix, HPC, Hadoop ecosystem and components, . Ability to understand enterprise level data on multiple, disparate systems. (i.e. Enterprise Data Warehouse past, current and future) Web development (Internet and Intranet) Must develop platforms Design, implement and troubleshoot multiple platforms and programs Assist with the installation of new hardware and software and help demo and train research team on its use Interface with HFHS systems and equipment As part of research development must interact with IT, engineers, clinicians and research staff Run high level analytics using artificial intelligence based algorithms. Must be able to produce information in a reportable format for presentation in clinical and education forums. EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE REQUIRED: Bachelor’s Degree in computer science, programming, or related Information Technology field is required. Master’s Degree in such field is preferred OR; Candidates with a minimum of a High School Diploma or G.E.D. equivalent and extensive industry experience would be considered. Must have 10+ years progressive experience in applications programming and development, including extensive knowledge of IT architecture, IT security and systems design. Experience with multiple IT platforms, machine learning, predictive modeling, health informatics analysis and electronic medical record data. HTML, and JavaScript Must be proficient in SQL Server, Open Source, NoSQL databases including HBase, MongoDB Must have expertise in database design and through multiple formats is also required. Should also have experience as a technical lead on IT teams and have experience as a project leader. Should have demonstrated experience with system forensics for investigations. Minimum Salary $87,380.80 This rate is the minimum pay for the position. Actual compensation will be based on education, years of experience, and other factors at the time of offer. Overview Henry Ford Health System, one of the largest and most comprehensive integrated U.S. health care systems, is a national leader in clinical care, research and education. The system includes the 1,200-member Henry Ford Medical Group, five hospitals, Health Alliance Plan (a health insurance and wellness company), Henry Ford Physician Network, a 150-site ambulatory network and many other health-related entities throughout southeast Michigan, providing a full continuum of care. In 2015, Henry Ford provided $299 million in uncompensated care. The health system also is a major economic driver in Michigan and employs more than 24,600 employees. Henry Ford is a 2011Malcolm Baldrige National Quality Award recipient. The health system is led by President and CEO Wright Lassiter III. To learn more, visit HenryFord.com. Benefits Whether it's offering a new medical option, helping you make healthier lifestyle choices or making the employee enrollment selection experience easier, it's all about choice. Henry Ford Health System has a new approach for its employee benefits program - My Choice Rewards. My Choice Rewards is a program as diverse as the people it serves. There are dozens of options for all of our employees including compensation, benefits, work/life balance and learning - options that enhance your career and add value to your personal life. As an employee you are provided access to Retirement Programs, an Employee Assistance Program (Henry Ford Enhanced), Tuition Reimbursement, Paid Time Off, Employee Health and Wellness and access to day care services at Bright Horizons Midtown Detroit, and a whole host of other benefits and services. Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer Equal Employment Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer Henry Ford Health System is committed to the hiring, advancement and fair treatment of all individuals without regard to race, color, creed, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability, veteran status, size, height, weight, marital status, family status, gender identity, sexual orientation, and genetic information, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable federal and state laws.