The High-Performance Computing (HPC) Systems Administrator will provide engineering and administration support for Linux-based HPC clusters used by the research community at Washington State University. Responsibilities include hardware selection and configuration, as well as the installation and maintenance of the HPC software infrastructure for networking, computing, and storage. This position requires the administration of a wide variety of HPC technologies, including enterprise Linux operating systems and virtual machines, high-speed Infiniband and Ethernet networks, parallel file systems, and cluster job schedulers. This position is responsible for ensuring a high quality of service and performance of WSU’s HPC research computing resources. This position will also participate in the planning and design of additions to WSU’s research computing clusters. Additional Information WSU faculty are leaders in scientific research computing in diverse areas including computational physics and chemistry, genomics, materials science, atmospheric and environment sciences, and agriculture and natural resources. Due to the enormous success of the research computing program, our center is expanding its staff. This position is an exciting opportunity to participate in the frontiers of research computing through the selection, configuration, and management of HPC infrastructure including computing, networking, and storage. Founded in 1890, Washington State University is the state’s original land- grant university. WSU conducts innovative research and provides world-class education to more than 30,000 undergraduate, graduate, and professional students. Pullman is nestled in the scenic Palouse region of southeastern Washington, eight miles from the University of Idaho and 80 miles south of Spokane. View the Benefits Overview for information regarding competitive benefits available. Appointment Status Permanent Job Appointment (FTE%) 100 Position Term in Months 12 Monthly Salary Commensurate with qualifications and experience. Position Qualifications Required Qualifications A Bachelor’s degree and three (3) years professional experience. Any combination of relevant education and experience may be substituted for the educational requirement on a year-for-year basis. Additional Requirements Bachelor’s degree in a related technical discipline and three (3) years of Linux system administration experience. Relevant education or experience may be substituted for the educational requirement on a year-for-year basis. Experience installing, configuring, and maintaining enterprise Linux operating systems such as CentOS or RHEL. Experience configuring and managing network-attached storage systems, such as RAID arrays or ZFS pools, high speed disk/SSD/NVMe systems, and storage networks. Experience configuring and managing network equipment, and familiarity with the OSI model, TCP/IP, firewalls, network security, and performance troubleshooting. Experience scripting and automating tasks, using tools such as Python and bash. Demonstrated ability to manage the full stack (datacenter rack equipment, server hardware, OS, network, and security) of multi-tenant Linux-based systems both individually and within a team environment. Preferred Qualifications Experience architecting and managing HPC systems. Experience with SLURM or other job schedulers/resource managers. Experience with systems automation tools such as SaltStack, Ansible, or Puppet. Experience with virtualization technology such as VMware. Experience with identity management technology such as Active Directory, Kerberos, and LDAP. Experience managing Mellanox Infiniband networks. Experience compiling and deploying software. Experience with environment modules such as Lmod. Experience with a variety of programming and scripting languages. Knowledge of C, C++, math libraries, MPI, and multicore processing. Experience working with researchers in an academic environment. Experience with parallel file systems such as BeeGFS and Spectrum Scale. Will this position require a background check? This position has been designated by the department to require a background check Posting Detail Information Open Date 06/26/2018 Close Date Open Until Filled Yes Special Instructions to Applicants Screening of applications will begin July 30, 2018, and will continue until the position has been filled. Applicants must attach the following documents to their online application: 1) resume and 2) cover letter. Application materials should clearly communicate how the applicant meets all required qualifications and additional requirements. Applicants are required to include contact information for at least three (3) professional references in the application. EEO Statement WASHINGTON STATE UNIVERSITY IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY/AFFIRMATIVE ACTION EDUCATOR AND EMPLOYER. Members of ethnic minorities, women, special disabled veterans, veterans of the Vietnam-era, recently separated veterans, and other protected veterans, persons of disability and/or persons age 40 and over are encouraged to apply. WSU employs only U.S. citizens and lawfully authorized non-U.S. citizens. All new employees must show employment eligibility verification as required by the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services. WSU is committed to providing access and reasonable accommodation in its services, programs, activities, education and employment for individuals with disabilities. To request disability accommodation in the application process, contact Human Resource Services: 509-335-4521(v), Washington State TDD Relay Service: Voice Callers: 1-800-833-6384; TDD Callers: 1-800-833-6388, 509-335-1259(f), or hrs@wsu.edu. Posting Number 20134350P Applicant Documents Required Documents Resume Cover Letter Optional Documents