This Is Our Story This is our story We are the now and the next. The power behind the people building the future. We are born from the spirit of innovation. We are created from the idea that people around the world want more, need more, deserve more. We are the home of the global digital revolution. We are CNN. Won’t you be a part of our story? www.turner.com What part will you play? Responsible for performance of CNN Digital's business development partnerships, owning the analytics and relationships with strategic partners. Primary focus on delivering optimal performance of revenue generating partnerships through key insights using external and internal data. Presenting insights to CNN Digital stakeholders and ensure growth in business development revenue, obtaining internal buy-in and support for new initiatives, creation of management reporting and developing strategic insights to drive the growth of CNN Digital. What will you be doing? Level of Responsibility/Accountability & Scope: Analyze existing business activities and own the day-to-day relationships with key strategic partners and work to drive and optimize revenue through data analysis and insights Identify new trends and developments across CNN Digital's audiences and markets and develop strategies for capitalizing on these trends Creates, manages, optimizes and provides regular in-depth performance reporting on current partnerships across all platforms for Business Development, Finance and Accounting teams Evaluate new opportunities to deliver future incremental revenue streams Support the transition of new initiatives from concept to implementation and work across teams, such as product, legal, finance, accounting, ad sales, business operations and editorial, to ensure successful launch of new deals Develop new and creative ways to gather and analyze data to identify areas of business expansion and efficiencies and take initiative to execute on them What do we require from you? Education & Experience: Undergraduate degree in Business, Economics or related field. Experience working in a corporate strategy, business development group/function or research function in a leading media or technology corporation, or at a leading strategy consulting firm or investment bank Strong understanding of digital media landscape and tools Competency: Entrepreneurially minded and highly proactive self-starter Strong financial analysis skills and high level of competence in Excel financial modeling High level of competence in presentations and delivering complex insights in a clear and coherent way High competency levels in prevailing digital media analytics tools (Omniture, Chartbeat, etc.) Excellent strategic and creative/innovative thinking Superior communication skills with the ability to interact cross-functionally at all organizational levels and externally with business partners, including exceptional organizational, prioritization and time management skills Ability to perform duties under minimal supervision while exercising discretion and independent, sound judgment Must excel in a fast-paced, results-oriented work environment But wait, there’s more! Paid time off every year to volunteer Access to wellbeing tools, resources, and freebies 2017 Best Company for Working Mothers An in-house learning and development team to help shape and grow your career Part of the WarnerMedia family of powerhouse brands conference See what it’s like to work at CNN! Follow us on Instagram, Twitter and Facebook. _Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. and its subsidiaries are Equal Opportunity Employers and E-Verify users. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, or protected veteran status._