Join a winning team! Signature Bank® has been ranked among the Top 10 on Forbes' list of Best Banks in America for six consecutive years! Signature Bank, member FDIC, is a New York-based full-service commercial bank with private client offices throughout the New York metropolitan area. The Bank’s growing network of private client banking teams serves the needs of privately owned businesses, their owners and senior managers. Signature Bank offers a wide variety of business and personal banking products and services. Data Management Strategy-VP, Midtown Manhattan In this position, you will work with the CIO team, management, business heads, functions and IT to build and manage the Bank’s reporting architecture and capabilities. Primary responsibilities include: Administer, manage and integrate the data governance policy throughout the life cycle of all key source systems Analyze current state processes and systems to identify opportunities to strengthen reporting capabilities Identify data elements and repositories to integrate in order to meet regulatory, management and business requirements for reporting Design future state processes and architecture working with business lines, functions and management Develop business requirements and technical requirements Oversee the development and management system and user testing programs Coordinate working groups, seeking process realignment and systems evolution. Coordinate with IT on organization and accessibility of data in the bank platforms Provide leadership to the business and technical teams on best practices for data governance. Manage the inventory of reports and users, KRIs for data and reporting and quality assurance for enterprise reporting Qualifications: 5+ years of solid data management and reporting experience.Experience in Financial Services strongly preferred Bachelors’ degree or higher in Information Technology or related analytical field required; Master degree preferred Proven history of leading successful systems implementations Experience in the following areas required: Configuring/administering software, testing and implementing software updates, reporting and resolving software defects; experienced in supporting a wide range of users/clients Writing business requirement documentation for systems and reporting needs Writing technical documentation for users (i.e. software user guide, etc.) that is demonstrative of communication acumen Implementing reporting and data warehousing solutions for various departments/clients Experience with database solutions such as Oracle, SQL, etc. required Business Intelligence experience (ex: Business Objects, Tableau) required Extreme attention to detail and ability to drill down in terms of data required Must have the ability to build trust and gain buy in for organizational changes Strong analytical and verbal/written communication skills Fluent in MS Office Suite Signature Bank offers a competitive compensation (BONUS PROGRAM), an excellent health benefits package including, 401(k) plan with generous company match, gym reimbursement, pet insurance, tuition reimbursement, award winning wellness program, and much more for qualified employees! Service is our cornerstone! View available Careers with Signature at www.signatureny.com/careers We are an Equal Opportunity Employer _We do_ _not_ _sponsor work visas_ Relocation or interview travel expenses are not available for this role