The ideal candidate for this position will have extensive electrical and computer engineering experience and the ability to cooperate with other researchers and engineers in a research-oriented environment. We are looking for a creative and motivated engineer to join us for projects such as design and control of novel prosthetic and orthotic devices as well as other research projects. The position is located at University of Texas at Dallas, Richardson, TX with occasional visits to a clinical laboratory in Dallas, TX. Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, or related discipline Experience soldering and debugging circuits (surface mount components as well as through hole components) Proficient in printed circuit board (PCB) design and layout, using software such as Eagle or KiCAD. Familiarity with communication protocols (CAN, I2C, RS-232, USB, UART, Bluetooth, Wi-Fi) Extensive programming experience in embedded environments. Required languages: C/C++ Experience with microcontrollers such as TI LaunchPad, NI MyRIO, Raspberry Pi, etc. Excellent verbal and written communication skills Capable of excelling in both independent and collaborative work environments Willing and able to learn and implement new skills on the job Adept at finding creative solutions to unfamiliar problems Minimum Education and Experience Bachelor’s degree in Engineering. Less than 1 year of experience in research and development environment. Preferred Education and Experience Master’s degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, or related discipline Experience programming in additional languages, such as Python and Java (Android) Familiarity with motor drivers (Elmo Gold Twitter preferred). Building custom drivers is a plus. Familiarity with real-time data acquisition and control systems such as DSpace, LabVIEW, or xPC Target Familiarity with FPGA programming Knowledge of Digital Signal Processing (filtering, etc.) Essential Duties and Responsibilities Design, fabrication, and assembly of electrical, electronic, and mechatronic systems Designing, programming, and interfacing embedded systems Selection, purchase, and integration of electronic parts and working with vendors for customized solutions Supporting various projects in multidisciplinary teams Managing/mentoring student interns Documentation and record keeping of experimental data, design concepts, and bill of materials Physical Activities Working Conditions Additional Information Special Instructions Summary