Purpose Statement The purpose of the Achievement Advisor is to effectively use a variety of instructional practices, coaching and leadership skills to develop deep understanding of curriculum, instruction, and assessment and provide ongoing, targeted support for site-based and district-wide students, teachers and other AA colleagues across disciplines. Essential Functions 1\. Instructional Support  Model, whisper coach, and/or co-teach with effective instructional practices for teachers and other AAs  Collaborate with district and site Achievement Advisors and administrators to provide in-class support  Collaborate with classroom teachers to improve instruction  Support teachers and administrators in developing a teaching-learning model to increase students’ achievement of grade level curriculum  Analyze and interpret data to drive instructional support  Conduct consistent, in-the-moment, in-class support for all teachers  Provide teachers with in-the-moment support who are on support plans upon site administrator and/or district director request  Lead teachers through the lesson planning process to ensure instruction is aligned with state standards  Facilitate reflective conferences with teachers when appropriate 2\. Professional Development Facilitation  Analyze and interpret data to drive instruction and professional development  Assist with the planning, creation, facilitation, and implementation of site and district professional development  Conduct in-service programs for teachers and staff as required by federal, state, district and/or site initiatives 3\. Collaborative Team Support  Support grade-level and content-specific teams through a collaborative inquiry process of implementing curriculum, instruction, and assessment effective practices  Create and evaluate curricula and assessments at the site and district-wide  Provide evidence-based strategies to staff for student support 4\. Student Intervention and Remediation  Provide direct instructional services to targeted students for intervention and remediation  Analyze and interpret data to drive explicit instruction  Develop short term and long term plans of student support to be implemented 5\. Other duties as assigned as related to the job description Job Requirements: Minimum Qualifications SKILLS are required to perform single, non-technical tasks with a potential need to upgrade skills in order to meet changing job conditions. KNOWLEDGE of effective teaching and learning methods and techniques is required. Knowledge is required to follow instructions and understand multi-step written and oral instructions. ABILITY is required to implement the following attributes:  Demonstrate knowledge and experience in evidence-based teaching and effective professional development strategies  Demonstrate the ability to act resourcefully to differentiate for all students and adult learners  Demonstrate the ability to use multiple methods of assessment and analyze resulting data  Demonstrate the ability to demonstrate leadership and work collaboratively  Demonstrate the ability to utilize teacher assessment data, prior knowledge and interest to effectively plan and facilitate professional development and coaching  Demonstrate the ability to utilize student assessment data, prior knowledge and interest to effectively plan a classroom lesson and/or intervention  Demonstrate an in-depth knowledge of curriculum, instruction, assessment, and professional development for a range of grade levels and content areas  Demonstrate excellent oral and written communication skills and basic technology skills  Demonstrate competent skills for facilitating training Responsibility Responsibilities include: working under limited supervision following standardized practices and/or methods; providing information and/or advising others. Achievement Advisors are on a teacher contract and paid based on the teacher salary schedule. AAs are paid a stipend for 20 required, additional work days added to the teacher contract. Working Environment The usual and customary methods of performing the job's functions require the following physical demands: significant lifting, carrying, pushing, and/or pulling; significant climbing and balancing; frequent stooping, kneeling, crouching, and/or crawling; and significant fine finger dexterity. Generally the job requires 20% sitting, 40% walking, and 40% standing. The job is performed under minimal temperature variations and in a generally hazard free environment. Experience A minimum of 3 years of successful teaching experience in appropriate content area(s). Education Master’s degree in Curriculum and Instruction, Educational Leadership or appropriate content area is desired. Equivalency None specified