Summary SMG, the leader in privately managed public assembly facilities, has an excellent and immediate opening for a Production Manager for SMG/McCormick Place. The McCormick Place convention facility includes four state-of-the-art exhibit halls, with a combined total of more than 2.6 million square feet of exhibit space, and over 600,000 square feet of meeting rooms, making McCormick Place the nation’s largest convention center. SMG is seeking an experienced Production Manager who will be responsible for working closely with our Event Management team, trade organizations, on-site contractors and clients to ensure that all productions are efficiently, professionally and safely planned. Essential Duties and Responsibilities Participates in customer site visits and throughout the event booking, planning and execution cycles serving as an in-house resource on facility light and sound systems as well as methods and practices which may save the customer money or improve the production value of their event Provides pre-event consultation and estimates to show management to ensure efficient scheduling of Production Labor. Provides written estimates to contractors for equipment rentals and assists Event Managers in the development of written estimates for in-house production labor. Studies technical riders, lighting and rigging plots and electrical requirements to assess the feasibility of having a road show or local production in the facility. Provides solutions which work to the benefit of the facility and the client. Acts as facility representative to review and approve all rigging plots and ensures that points are installed in accordance with approved plan Informs clients and sub-contractors on rigging points and methods for hanging sound, lighting, and audiovisual equipment within the Convention Center Develops, implements and ensures compliance to facility safety policies and procedures for all production-related work including rigging. Actively markets and promotes the sale and use of McCormick Place production rental equipment. Works with clients, contractors and Event Managers to determine the Electrician manpower required for in-house production work. Establishes show calls and works with Electrical Superintendent–House Electricians to place orders for Electrician Labor. Works with the MPEA Director of Labor Relations to ensure consistent application of the IBEW/IATSE jurisdictional agreement and documents major rulings for future reference. Maintains an understanding of labor jurisdictions and efficient staging of labor Maintains accurate event history which includes any billed labor, services provided, issues, or opportunities for future improvement of production efficiency. Hires, trains and evaluates Production Operations Coordinator. Oversees day to day operations of contracted Labor Broker Performs other job related duties as assigned. Qualifications To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Education and/or Experience High School Diploma or equivalent. Some college coursework in related discipline preferred. Minimum three (3) years working with light, sound, and AV production in a convention center, arena, theater, or road-show environment. Skills and Abilities Excellent interpersonal, organizational, and customer service skills required. Demonstrated knowledge of conference and meeting production requirements. Strong knowledge of applicable life and safety codes. Ability to read production drawings and to use AutoCAD for the preparation of rigging plots, and production layouts. Demonstrated knowledge of modern digital and analog production sound, lighting, and AV technologies. Ability to read and understand technical “riders” for stage presentations. Strong problem solving skills and the ability to create novel solutions when planned processes break down. Strong working knowledge of facility, theatrical production, and decorator/exhibit production. Strong attention to details. Demonstrated understanding of union environments including the ability to understand and interpret union contracts, resolve disputes and manage workers in a consistent and fair manner Computer Skills Must have knowledge of Microsoft Office, particularly Excel, and AutoCAD or AutoCAD LT Experience utilizing an enterprise wide Event Management system such as Ungerboeck preferred. Certificates, Licenses, Registrations ETCP Rigging Certification Preferred. Physical Demands The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Position requires stooping, binding, lifting and walking. Position may be subject to noise and some atmospheric conditions such as fumes, odor, dust, etc. Position requires the ability to work at heights exceeding 50 ft. Hours of work Ability and willingness to work a varied schedule including nights, weekends and holidays. Note The essential responsibilities of this position are described under the headings above. They may be subject to change at any time due to reasonable accommodation or other reasons. Also, this document in no way states or implies that these are the only duties to be performed by the employee occupying this position. Applicants that need reasonable accommodations to complete the application process may contact 312.791.7000. SMG is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer, and encourages Women, Minorities, Individuals with Disabilities, and protected Veterans to apply. VEVRAA Federal Contractor. We will only accept application from August 3, 2018 through September 3, 2018