Responsible for the integrity of our donor database, including working closely with the Development, Fiscal and IT Departments to ensure the database runs smoothly and efficiently to support reaching department/team goals. Responsibilities: Maintain and manage the day-to-day operations of Children’s Aid’s constituent database, Raiser's Edge, while enhancing accuracy, integrity, and security. Work closely with Development and Finance staff, IT department and vendors to provide required data utilizing Raiser's Edge queries, exports, and reports, including advance levels of Excel. Recommend and maintain Raiser's Edge database standards, develop an institutional standards guide, maintain database policies and procedures; create reports and queries to purge inaccurate data. Gather and analyze statistical data and generate reports to support and drive all fundraising efforts. Train staff as necessary as procedures change/develop. Serve as driver for mailing pulls, review of suppressed donors, and creation of donor segmentation for solicitation purposes. Continue implementation of methods to track fundraising progress both internally and when compared externally to divisional budgets. Assist with reconciling donations from online fundraising streams. Provide expertise and technical support to end-users on Raiser's Edge issues; identify, research, and resolve technical problems, and work with outside vendors/technical support as needed. Apply creative thinking and strategic planning to all database processes and policy decisions. Qualifications: 3-5 years of experience with The Raiser’s Edge database Demonstrated ability in project management, ability to juggle multiple tasks, exercise sound judgment and prioritize work Strong attention to detail Respect for privacy and confidentiality Skilled with Microsoft Word, Excel, Access and Outlook Appreciation for serving on a team focused on achieving goals that advance the Children’s Aid mission Strong interpersonal skills, customer service and patience Outstanding organizational skills Location: -Manhattan Activation Date: Thursday, August 9, 2018 Expiration Date: Friday, December 7, 2018