Where good people build rewarding careers. Think that working in the insurance field can’t be exciting, rewarding and challenging? Think again. You’ll help us reinvent protection and retirement to improve customers’ lives. We’ll help you make an impact with our training and mentoring offerings. Here, you’ll have the opportunity to expand and apply your skills in ways you never thought possible. And you’ll have fun doing it. Join a company of individuals with hopes, plans and passions, all using and developing our talents for good, at work and in life. Job Description Allstate Insurance Company has an exceptional career opportunity for an Entry Level Inside Liability Adjuster in Bloomington, MN! Think that working in the insurance field can’t be exciting, rewarding or challenging? Allstate Insurance has an exciting career opportunity that will utilize your customer service and technical skills to deliver on our promise to provide fast, fair, and efficient claim service. If you have the passion to help others and build the success of a great company, join the Allstate team. What you will do: Deliver exceptional and courteous customer service Investigate, evaluate, and negotiate liability claims to ensure a positive customer experience Accurately document claims information using Allstate’s state-of-the-art NextGen claims system Work collaboratively with a team in a fast-paced environment Achieve targeted performance goals to support Allstate’s industry leading operation standards Determine applicable coverage’s in basic claims involving a single claimant and determines applicable coverage limits in basic claims involving multiple claimants Take recorded statements from claimants, insured’s, witnesses, etc. and prepares summaries Review investigation notes and determine claim value, coverage and liability for basic claims What we offer: Competitive salary starting @ $46,100/annually Generous Paid Time Off, 401(k) and pension Medical, dental, and vision coverage Wellness incentives Tuition reimbursement (starts day 1) Volunteer opportunities You can view all Allstate benefits @ https://allstategoodlife.com _Please note, there is a required 2-week training that will take place in Wheeling, IL._ Job Qualifications High School &/or Bachelors degree in related field preferred or equivalent experience plus two years’ experience delivering outstanding customer service preferred. Excellent written and verbal communication skills with a passion for helping others. Strong organizational and computer skills. Persistence and the ability to work through and solve problems. Bilingual candidates are strongly encouraged to apply Has and maintains all appropriate licenses and registrations for the role per state requirements The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation, which includes a drug screen. Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®. As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary – but that’s just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, you’ll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life - including a generous paid time off policy. Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video. Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position. Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component. For jobs in San Francisco, please click "here" for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. For jobs in Los Angeles, please click "here" for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance. It is the policy of Allstate to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity/gender expression, disability, and citizenship status as a veteran with a disability or veteran of the Vietnam Era.