We are now looking for a Deep Learning Compiler Engineer: NVIDIA is hiring software engineers for its GPU-accelerated Deep learning team. Academic and commercial groups around the world are using GPUs to power a revolution in deep learning, enabling breakthroughs in problems from image classification to speech recognition to natural language processing and artificial intelligence. Join the team which is building software which will be used by the entire deep learning research community. What you'll be doing: In this role, you will be responsible for developing highly optimized solutions for deep learning algorithms. You’ll collaborate with members of the open source deep learning software engineering community to define and implement the features needed to accelerate the next generation of deep learning software frameworks. The scope of these efforts ranges from defining public APIs, performance tuning and analysis, crafting and implementing compiler and optimization techniques for neural networks, and other general software engineering work. What we need to see: Masters or PhD or equivalent experience in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related field. 4 years of relevant work or research experience Ability to work independently, define project goals and scope, and lead your own development effort. Excellent C/C++ programming and software design skills, including debugging, performance analysis, and test design. Knowledge of CPU and/or GPU architecture. CUDA or OpenCL programming experience desired but not required Experience with the following technologies is a huge plus: deep learning models and algorithms, deep learning framework design, high performance compiler design, or EDA synthesis and optimization algorithms. Strong communication skills are required along with the ability to work in a dynamic product oriented team. A history of mentoring junior engineers and interns is a bonus. NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most brilliant and talented people in the world working for us. If you're creative and autonomous, we want to hear from you! NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. deeplearning