Position Summary If you accept a position with Discovery Education you will be an at- will employee under Discovery Education and eligible for Discovery Education benefits and compensation plans. This role is not a Discovery, Inc. position. The Role Discovery Education builds strategic partnerships with school districts to transform teaching and learning through the implementation of engaging standards-based K-12 digital curriculum, delivery of intensive professional learning, and engagement within the global community. The Customer Experience team plays a critical role in achieving our goals of providing the best customer experience in education and demonstrating the educational impact needed to retain and grow our district partnerships. The Manager of Professional Learning is responsible for the strategic management and growth of the paid professional learning deliveries for the assigned accounts in the associated region. The Manager of Professional Learning is responsible for working with senior school district staff to ensure all aspects of paid professional learning exceed customer expectations by flawlessly planning, delivering, and merchandising all purchased professional learning within Discovery Education. The Manager of Professional Learning will ensure the successful execution of models of professional learning that truly make an impact in K-12 districts’ teaching and learning, while further embedding Discovery Education digital services in instruction. The Manager of Professional Learning will act as an expert and thought leader related to research and pedagogical grounding of our professional learning methodologies for our customers. Responsibilities Post-sale Professional Learning Cycle 1\. Lead, manage, and flawlessly deliver the paid professional learning services for assigned accounts 2\. Ensure a quality and consistent level of internal and external communication is maintained with each account 3\. Continually monitor measures of success and feedback mechanisms to ensure DE is meeting the expectations of district educators and fostering strong relationships 4\. Lead and manage regional accounts to ensure deep and relevant engagement with the strategic customers in the region 5\. Demonstrate program impact to secure renewals and growth in scope of both professional learning contracts and digital services in subsequent years 6\. Maintain and share Discovery Education’s strategic vision, goals and impact stories with customers 7\. Work collaboratively and communicate often with key members of the Customer Success Team and regional Partnership and Account Services Teams to understand the full customer experience to know how the PD seamlessly integrates into the customer experience with Discovery Education Management of Current Professional Learning Offerings 1\. Constantly evaluate and report upon our customer and specialist feedback to improve the content and/or delivery of our current professional learning portfolio of programs for the assigned accounts 2\. Work with regional Partnership Teams to forecast and manage the pipeline of programs 3\. Work to ensure PD is being scheduled consistently and customers are not lagging in their deliveries or plans for successful professional learning experiences 4\. Work with the Director, Professional Learning to adhere to travel and expense budgets 5\. Participate in regular regional strategic data reviews, including KPIs, surveys, usage, and other business metrics and seek to be well prepared and innovative about possible solutions based on customer feedback from assigned accounts 6\. Identification and analysis of account trends Development of New Professional Learning Offerings 1\. Assess feedback and trends in the market against our offerings and delivery mediums to ensure we are leading the introduction of research-driven, transformative professional learning 2\. Work closely with the Director, Professional Learning to provide market and customer feedback that potentially leads to the development of new programs and supporting operational and commercial plans 3\. Stay abreast of innovation in learning methodologies, research-based best practices and adult learning theory 4\. Maintain a current and deep level of knowledge of industry trends and curriculum topics and challenges 5\. Stay alert to opportunities for customers to feel a sense of customization and personalization that are internally scalable and efficient Merchandising and Marketing 1\. Ensure artifacts, evidence, qualitative, and quantitative data are collected from each account to provide quality feedback to the customer to foster the success of the digital learning journey 2\. Ensure all aspects of the professional learning delivery are on brand and represent the power and value of being a Discovery Education customer as well as stay true to the customer’s goals 3\. Execute upon and use the storytelling marketing strategy and toolkit (with artifacts and metrics) for the purposes of merchandising, upselling, and supporting the renewal for assigned accounts Improve Efficiency and Scalability 1\. Effectively and correctly use the operational elements of the Professional Learning delivery, including systems, tools, communication and management reporting 2\. Work across the region to maximize the use and usability of Salesforce as a CRM 3\. Work closely with the Customer Success team to monitor usage related to PD deliveries to ensure customer goals are being achieved and the services are deeply embedded into quality instructional practice 4\. Reflect upon PD delivery practices to look for ways to increase customer success and increase effectiveness and efficiencies of our deliveries General 1\. Maintain an understanding of industry trends, current events, anything that may impact the business by reading professional publications, researching all available prospect/product resources and participating in professional organizations 2\. Demonstrate exceptional interpersonal, organizational and presentation skills 3\. Understand new technologies and industry trends and be able to speak to how they impact Discovery Education 4\. Read professional literature regularly to contribute as a thought-leader and educational expert to DE 5\. Establish strong relationships with associated accounts and DE colleagues aligned in your region and across the business 6\. Use DE resources wisely to ensure the maximum impact and look for opportunities to reduce costs and ensure a successful customer experience 7\. Maintain a deep and current knowledge of all products and value added offerings at Discovery Education Requirements Advanced degree preferred, master’s degree or an equivalent combination of skills, training and experience Teaching experience; leadership or administrative experience strongly preferred At least 6-8 years of experience in roles of increasing responsibility, with experience leading professional learning implementations at the school or district level Thorough working knowledge of pedagogy and professional learning Ties to the education community including the ability to navigate the political landscape of public school systems Strong knowledge and experience with professional learning Thorough working knowledge of education technology including digital media and emerging web technologies and their application in the educational environment Impeccable interpersonal, presentation, organizational and verbal/written communication skills Background or experience in education sales/implementation preferred Attention to detail and the ability to manage a diverse workload Ability to work as a team and in a fast-paced environment Candidate must be willing to travel approximately 60-70% of the time with seasonal variations Candidate must live in the region in which the Manager level position is needed Must have the legal right to work in the United States