The San Francisco Conservatory of Music seeks an _IT Business Systems Manager,_ who will provide technical solutions to meet the evolving business needs of the organization. The incumbent will implement new technical initiatives; streamline, automate, and simplify processes; and educate staff, faculty, and students in effective use of the technologies and processes. This is a hands-on position that requires an understanding of a variety of technologies as well as a willingness and ability to learn new technologies. The _IT Business Systems Manager_ reports to and collaborates with the _VP Strategic Initiatives_ and works with the _Network and Systems Administrator_ , student workers, and all departments at SFCM. Primary Responsibilities: Supports database systems such as the Student Information System (PowerCampus); Financial Aid Systems (Powerfaids); scheduling software (EMS); admission software (Slate); and other business critical software. Plan and manage software upgrades. Identify and implement process improvements. Work with SFCM business users and vendors to resolve issues and request enhancements. Manages the implementation of new systems and processes. Investigates and documents current business processes as they relate to use of technology, and identifies and implements process improvements. Troubleshoots issues with systems and the connections between systems (integration points). Plans and manages system improvements such as single sign on, password reset, and implementation of mobile access to SIS and other systems. Leads the process of gathering requirements for projects such as Voice Over Internet phone system planning. Perform other duties as required. Minimum Qualifications: A Bachelor's degree and 5 years of IT experience, or an equivalent of education and experience. A thorough understanding of relational databases and data extraction and load procedures. 2 or more years of experience writing queries, stored procedures, views, and other database objects with Microsoft SQL. Experience with implementation and support of business systems in an academic setting. Experience managing systems in a Windows environment and experience with Microsoft Office applications. Experience with Google Suite for Education (Gmail; Google Apps; Google Classroom). Business process improvement experience. Vendor management experience. Other Desirable Qualities: Strong communication and problem-solving skills and the ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment. The ability to present well, with a professional and friendly manner, and able to communicate with the tech savvy as well as those who may think they are not technically inclined. Strong organizational and multitasking skills. Ability to deal calmly with quickly-changing and complex issues. Enjoys collaborating to address problems. How to Apply We prefer to receive applications through our website. If, for any reason, you are unable to submit your application online, please send a cover letter, resume, and salary requirements to: Attn. Human Resources San Francisco Conservatory of Music 50 Oak Street San Francisco, CA 94102 This position will be posted until filled. EOE The San Francisco Conservatory of Music is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Personnel decisions regarding applicants for employment are made without regard to race, color, religion, marital status, national origin, ancestry, sex, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, medical condition (including cancer and genetic characteristics), status as a Vietnam-era veteran or special disabled veteran, age, citizenship, or any other consideration made unlawful by federal, state or local laws. (ref. 4268)