Search Architect We have a Search Architect position. The position is Permanent opportunity. Selected candidates must be willing to join at a short notice. Qualified candidates should be willing to work at San Francisco, CA. The ideal candidates will possess the following: Must Have Skills: 5+ years of experience and expertise in more than one search engine technologies search as Solr, Fast, Endeca, Autonomy Hands on experience on Java. Extensive backend integration experience Experienced in leading Ecommerce implementations Knowledge of project methodologies like Scrum, Agile, Waterfall Must meet or exceed intelligence general consulting competencies of Personal Skills, Results Orientation/Quality Management, Customer Management, Leadership Job Roles/Responsibilities: 5+ years of experience and expertise in more than one search engine technologies search as Solr, Fast, Endeca, Autonomy Continue to tune the search results to deliver most relevant results to all customers and individual customer by applying multiple strategies Familiarity with learn to rank, machine learning and feedback loop based relevancy and ranking tuning Understand and apply balance between recall, performance for query and precision for product results, auto suggest and content search Understand and able to articulate internals of search engine related to query, indexing of catalog and other related data Review code with Java, Scala programming and multiple scripting languages Guide and help team members breaking down complex requirements into smaller tasks and strategies Actively looking for ways to make everything better Experience working in modern delivery methodologies, behavior driven development and cloud native architecture Own your impact working with designers, peers, product managers and other work streams to release features Continuous expansion of skillset; ability to expand on relevant languages Benefits include: Medical, Dental & Vision Insurance. 401k & Employee Stock Purchase Plans. 2 weeks of vacation and major holidays off. Tremendous opportunity for growth and advancement. A professional, challenging environment as part of a world class talented team. NOTE: Cognizant is an Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/D/V. Cognizant is committed to ensuring that all current and prospective associates are afforded equal opportunities and treatment and a work environment free of harassment. We will only be able to respond to those candidates that most closely meet our criteria. Technical Skills SNo Primary Skill Proficiency Level Rqrd./Dsrd. 1 Solr Configurations PL1 Required Proficiency Legends Proficiency Level Generic Reference PL1 The associate has basic awareness and comprehension of the skill and is in the process of acquiring this skill through various channels. PL2 The associate possesses working knowledge of the skill, and can actively and independently apply this skill in engagements and projects. PL3 The associate has comprehensive, in-depth and specialized knowledge of the skill. She / he has extensively demonstrated successful application of the skill in engagements or projects. PL4 The associate can function as a subject matter expert for this skill. The associate is capable of analyzing, evaluating and synthesizing solutions using the skill. Job Location : San Francisco, California, United States Employee Status : Full Time Employee Shift : Day Job Travel : No Job Posting : Aug 11 2018 Cognizant US Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran. If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions in the US, please send an email with your request to CareersNA2@cognizant.com About Cognizant Cognizant is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant, a member of the NASDAQ-100, is ranked 195 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us on Twitter: USJobsCognizant. Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.