Job ID : 155668 Location Name: CA-FSC SF Off (0174) Address: 525 Market St, 32nd Floor, San Francisco, CA 94105, United States (US) Job Type: Full Time Position Type (Regular/Temporary): Regular Job Function: Information Technology Technology Our technology team works fast and smart. With San Francisco as our home, we take bringing new tech to market seriously, developing the latest in mobile technologies, scalable architecture, and the coolest in-store client experience. We love what we do and we have fun doing it. The Technology group is comprised of motivated self-starters and true team players that are absolutely integral to the growth of Sephora and our future success. Your role at Sephora: As a Marketing Technology Architect, you will be responsible for managing Enterprise-wide Marketing solutions to include specific expertise in Cloud solutions (Guiding Sales & Marketing Campaigns, Marketing Segmentation and Analytical roadmap). Reporting to Director of Enterprise Architecture, you will lead technical discussions to architect, design and implement campaign automation (including Segmentation towards a complete Marketing Cloud solution). In addition, you will: Lead Digital Marketing platform design and architecture. Guide the Marketing Team in potential capabilities to align with requirements needed for multiple initiatives Lead vendor selection for the Marketing domain. Define selection criteria, RFI, RFP, RFQ and make relevant vendor and product choices As the Marketing Cloud SME, spearhead all facets of Cloud driven Marketing Initiatives Define requirements for Cloud marketing platform Architect future delivery of additional marketing integration with other systems Recommend and align with Marketing team on potential process changes due to platform changes Provide Cloud best practices to Marketing team on leveraging Cloud in an optimal way Define requirements for deliverability of high volume campaigns Lead discussions and work with respective teams in coming up with realistic and scalable strategy to implement marketing and personalization initiatives Demonstrate our Sephora values of Passion for Client Service, Innovation, Expertise, Balance, Respect for All, Teamwork, and Initiative. We’re excited about you if you have: 5+ years of experience as a Solution Architect or Enterprise Architect in Marketing Domain. 4+ years of experience with Digital Marketing Cloud platforms – CDP, DMP, DSP, CRM, Campaign Mgmt. Extensive knowledge and proven experience with existing Digital Marketing platforms from Adobe, Oracle, Salesforce etc. Marketing campaign automation experience (Preferred) Experience working with Analytical Models in Marketing Bachelor’s degree (Master’s preferred) You’ll love working here because: The people. You will be surrounded by some of the most talented, supportive, smart, and kind leaders and teams – people you can be proud to work with. The product. Employees enjoy a product discount and receive free product (“gratis”) various times throughout the year. (Think your friends and family love you now? Just wait until you work at Sephora!) The business. It feels good to win – and Sephora is a leader in the retail industry, defining experiential retail with a digital focus and creating the most loved beauty community in the world…with the awards and accolades to back it up. The perks. Sephora offers comprehensive medical benefits, generous vacation/holiday time off, commuter benefits, and “Summer Fridays” (half-days every Friday between Memorial and Labor Day)…and so much more. The LVMH family. Sephora’s parent company, LVMH, is one of the largest luxury groups in the world, providing support to over 70 brands such as Louis Vuitton, Celine, Marc Jacobs, and Dior. Working at Sephora’s Field Support Center (FSC) Our North American operations are based in the heart of San Francisco’s Financial District, but you won’t hear us call it a headquarters – it’s the Field Support Center (FSC). At the FSC, we support our stores in providing the best possible experience for every client. Dedicated teams cater to our client’s every need by creating covetable assortments, curated content, compelling storytelling, smart strategy, skillful analysis, expert training, and more. It takes a lot of curious and confident individuals, disrupting the status quo and taking chances. The pace is fast, the fun is furious, and the passion is real. We never rest on our laurels. Our motto? If it’s not broken, fix it. Sephora is an equal opportunity employer and values diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, marital status, military/veteran status, or disability status. Sephora is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. Sephora will consider for employment all qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable law. COMPANY OVERVIEW: SEPHORA has been changing the face of prestige cosmetics since its debut in 1970s Paris. Sephora was acquired by luxury group Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton (LVMH) in 1997 then launched stateside in 1998, and is currently home to 200 world-class brands - including its own private label, SEPHORA COLLECTION. Sephora's curated assortment features more than 14,000 products including makeup, skin care, perfume, hair care, body, professional tools and more. Sephora is the beauty education hub, offering consultations at the Beauty Studio, a variety of complimentary classes, one-on-one service from Personal Beauty Advisors, and exclusive retail technology SKINCARE IQ, COLOR IQ, and FRAGRANCE IQ. Sephora is an international force in beauty, and its award- winning website and ever-growing presence on social-media make it the world's premier digital beauty destination. Nearest Major Market: San Francisco Nearest Secondary Market: Oakland Job Segment: Database, Oracle, ERP, IT Architecture, Marketing, Technology