Wind River is the leader in non-hazardous liquid waste services with a recent focus on growing in the waste to energy sector. We are presently executing on an aggressive growth through acquisition strategy, having completed 10 transactions in the past year. We are a fun-loving organization; we have many functions and group activities- from our annual pot luck to our community outreach programs- we work hard and play hard! This position is based in our field support office in Marlborough, MA. Job Responsibilities: Installs, maintains, administers, and tunes MS SQL Server databases. Completes database backups and maintains backup procedures. Uses SQL programming and stored procedure development to design efficient methods for retrieving data. Maintains database high availability and the upkeep and availability of other ministry systems as required. Maintains knowledge of our donor data guidelines and validates data in the donor database. Creates automation scripts to perform repetitive tasks and to ensure high data integrity. Serves as backup to the Senior Database Administrator role. Monitors and maintains the security of Wind River’s databases. Determines database management needs and recommends system upgrades as necessary. Ensures that databases are restored in a timely and efficient manner in the event of system failure. Keeps abreast of latest data storage and retrieval technologies. Maintains and provides technical support for our mail processing system. Work closely with IT project Coordinator and developers to assist on project needs. Additional Skills/Attributes Database replication experience preferred but not required Exposure to SSRS reporting and/or PowerShell a plus Strong problem solving/analysis skills Continuous improvement (processes, technology, productivity) skills Education/Experience Requirements: Bachelor’s degree from a four-year college or university or at least two (2) years’ related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience. Proficiency with MS SQL Server Database Administration Team player with a high degree of flexibility and the desire to serve