Job Summary Under general supervision, performs and coordinates department records and information management function. Conducts inventories and high level analysis to determine departmental record-keeping requirements. Develops and administers retention schedules. Consults with County departments and the public in matters related to both active and inactive records. Creates and maintains computerized records and electronic tracking systems, and implements office procedures for these systems. Coordinates transition of inactive records to final disposition. DISTINGUISHING CHARACTERISTICS: This is the third in a series of four record analyst-related job classifications within the Professional Support job family. This classification exercises independent judgment to fulfill duties pertaining to operations of Records Management. This classification performs duties pertaining to records analysis, storage and management and also performs other complex office duties. This classification is distinguished from the Records Analyst Supervisor in that incumbents typically have less responsibility and performs moderate to highly complex office duties requiring a mid- level of knowledge, skills and abilities. Duties and Responsibilities Supervises, plans, and directs staff members of the Records unit. Assigns and delegates work, monitors workflow and deadlines, develops performance standards, and resolves problems. Evaluates performance, makes personnel recommendations, and trains staff. Supervises and coordinates activities and functions of the off-site records unit. Analyzes workload, performance measures, resources, and customer needs in order to evaluate operations and makes recommendations for improvement. Serves as liaison between department and various other departments, agencies, private companies, and the public. Receives, authenticates, maintains, disseminates, and tracks departmental records and information. Assigns, oversees, and documents the sealing or destruction of records as mandated by establishing procedures. Provides plain or certified copies of records upon request. Interacts with the general public by handling higher-level records requests. Responds to requests in person, by mail, and by telephone in accordance with established policies, procedures and regulations. Examines and evaluates records-management systems to improve existing methods for efficient handling, protection, and disposition of records and information. Reviews records and reports to determine proper media (paper, microfilm), reproduction processes, and electronic data processing required. Recommends changes or modifications in procedures, utilizing knowledge of departmental processes, uniform coding systems and filing methods. Provides policy, procedural, and technical advice on complex records management issues. Conducts inventories and performs analysis to determine departmental recordkeeping requirements. Evaluates and assesses long-term security of departmental documents and document management systems, implements security goals and objectives in the development and enhancement of electronic workflow and filing systems. Coordinates the conversion of digital images to microfilm and the maintenance of microfilm libraries and inventory. Prepares documents for imaging, operates electronic scanning equipment, and converts scanned material to digital format. Performs image validation to ensure all documents are imaged and indexed correctly. Ensures safety, security, and confidentiality of digitized records. Compiles and maintains statistical reports to track data, extracting and compiling data from multiple databases. Maintains production reports. Edits and inspects documents to ensure the integrity of the document. Implements quality control procedures for all records. Reviews records retention policies and schedules to determine timetables for transferring active records to inactive or archival storage, for reducing paper records to micrographic form, or for destroying obsolete or unnecessary records. Monitor the storage and disposition of records according to approved retention schedules and to ensure compliance with all applicable Federal, State and local regulations. Coordinates of-site records storage, including contracts with storage providers. Makes technical recommendations relating to the design and operations of off-site records storage. Coordinates and supervises special projects (disaster recovery, inventories), serving on committees as needed. Maintains complex administrative functions for electronic retrieval, dissemination, tracking, and retention of records. Prepares calendars and schedules, policies and procedures, and new processes to ensure accurate and efficient management of records documents. Performs other job-related duties as assigned. Minimum Requirements Education and Experience: Bachelor's degree in Records Management, Business Administration, Information Systems or a directly related field AND two (2) years of professional records management, library science or management information systems experience; OR, Any combination of education and experience that has been achieved and is equivalent to the stated education and experience and required knowledge, skills, and abilities sufficient to successfully perform the duties and responsibilities of this job. Licenses, Registrations, Certifications, or Special Requirements: None required. Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities: Knowledge of: Federal, State, Local and County laws, rules, regulations and guidelines applicable to records management. Sources of information and records, including public databases, governmental statistical data, and official States, County, and City data. Standard practices and techniques of records management, including file management techniques. Principles and procedures of record keeping. Records and Information Management technologies. Computer equipment to include word processing, spreadsheets, databases and records management software applications. Business letter writing, grammar and punctuation, and report preparation. May be required to develop knowledge of and adhere to federal and state laws requiring the confidential handling of certain health information. Skill in: Interpreting a variety of instructions furnished in written, verbal, diagram, or schedule form. Using basic arithmetic, including calculating figures such as proportions, percentages, areas and volume. Evaluating value and type of documents. Problem-solving and decision-making. Conducting records inventory. Conducting research. Interacting with the public and providing customer service. Both verbal and written communication. Ability to: Read, analyze, and interpret general business periodicals, professional journals, technical procedures and governmental regulation. Communicate effectively, present information and respond to questions. Maintain databases. Calculate figures such as proportions, percentages, area and volume. Apply concepts of basic algebra and geometry. Compile and analyze data, and to write clear and comprehensive reports, business correspondence and procedure manuals. Interpret a variety of instructions furnished in written, verbal, diagram, or schedule form. Establish and maintain effective working relationships with departmental support staff, other County employees and officials, representatives of outside agencies, clientele, attorneys, judges and the general public. Work Environment & Other Information Physical requirements include the ability to lift/carry up to 20-50 pounds occasionally, visual acuity, speech and hearing, hand and eye coordination and manual dexterity necessary to operate a computer and office equipment. Subject to standing, walking, carrying, sitting, repetitive motion, reaching, climbing stairs, bending, stooping, kneeling, crouching, crawling, pushing, pulling, balancing, client/customer contact, squatting, lifting moderately heavy equipment or boxes to perform the essential functions. This job description is intended to be generic in nature. It is not necessarily an exhaustive list of all duties and responsibilities. The essential duties, functions and responsibilities and overtime eligibility may vary based on the specific tasks assigned to the position. Work Hours: 8:00 AM to 5:00 PM; Monday through Friday Department: Juvenile Probation Location: 2515 S. Congress Ave., Austin Drug Test Required Typing Test Required Criminal, Driving, Education and Employment Background Check Required.