Job Description ENERGY FOR WHAT’S AHEAD Are you looking to make a difference in your career? We’re working on smarter grids, cleaner energy and tools to help people manage energy more efficiently. About Human Resources We are a dynamic group of HR professionals who work collaboratively with each other and as strategic partners with our internal clients. The HR operation is comprised of dedicated teams of talented and diverse employees who focus on the areas of staffing, learning and development; succession and talent management; labor and employee relations; total rewards; diversity and inclusion; and client services. We are a vibrant organization with a history of developing and implementing innovative HR practices and people processes to serve our employee base of more than 12,000 individuals. Position Overview: This position will be in the Strategy and Workforce Insights department, reporting to the Manager of HR Business Integration and Technology in Human Resources (HR). The HR Business Integration and Technology Project Manager will project manage technology initiatives aligned to HR strategic plans including business process improvements, enhancements for cloud and on-premise HR applications. This position will also support other project management activities with the Human Resources Project Management Organization, as well as perform other duties and responsibilities as assigned. Typical Responsibilities include: Manage and implement various projects stemming from HR Technology initiatives, enhancements, and break fix requests, which have significant impact on the business. Collaborate with stakeholders to facilitate business requirements, project scope, user-acceptance testing plan scenarios, lessons learned and project closure. Partner with IT and HR to project manage and implement business process changes to HR including on-premise and cloud applications, resulting from strategic business initiatives and process improvement opportunities. Lead and support major company and HR initiatives such as Quarterly SuccessFactors Cloud release, activation of new cloud functionality, SAP HCM Components (ECC) like Personnel Administration, Organizational Management, and Business Intelligence (BI) systems changes by providing consultation and subject matter expertise. Manage the evaluation, development, and implementation of additional HR projects, including strategic or process improvement initiatives, which have business unit wide impact. Identify, manage, and direct cross functional teams to address issues, solve problems and resolve major or complex issues. Support senior project managers in the HR Project Management Organization (PMO) on larger strategic initiatives. Manage fit/gap analysis process to ensure identification of any functionality gaps between the business requirements and current system functionality. Provide tier three support for SuccessFactors related issues. Perform other duties and responsibilities as assigned. Be available for any after-hours critical system outages and changes as needed. Qualifications Minimum Qualifications: Bachelors Degree in Business, HR, Information Systems, Computer Science or related field. Seven years of experience managing and implementing multiple SAP HCM (any two modules) and SuccessFactors (any three modules) projects, including maintaining scope and resources, systems configuration, software development life cycle, and overseeing the tracking, and reporting of project/program performance. Desired Qualifications: MS or MBA, Project Management Certification preferred. Hands on experience implementing and maintaining SAP HCM Personnel Administration, Organizational Management, Payroll, Time and Compensation modules. Experience with the HCM ‘hire to retire’ process. Hands on experience implementing and maintaining SuccessFactors Performance Management, Goals Management, Succession Planning, Development, Learning and Compensation modules. Experience making strategic decisions regarding establishing and changing project direction. Effective resource and project planning, decision making, results delivery, flexibility, team building, and the ability to stay current with relevant technology and innovation. Strong ethics, influence and negotiation, leadership, interpersonal skills, communication, and the ability to effectively manage stress and engage in continuous learning. Working knowledge and understanding of third party integrations with HRIS applications. Advanced Proficiency with the following software tools: Microsoft Word, Excel, Power Point, Microsoft Visio, and Project. Demonstrated experience process mapping and using continuous improvement methodologies. Comments: Candidates for this position must be legally authorized to work directly as employees for any employer in the United States without visa sponsorship. Relocation may apply to this position. Southern California Edison, an Edison International (NYSE:EIX) company, serves a population of approximately 15 million via 5 million customer accounts in a 50,000-square-mile service area within Central, Coastal and Southern California. Join the utility leader that is safely delivering reliable, affordable electricity to our customers for over 125 years. SCE is a proud Equal Opportunity Employer and will not discriminate based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, protected veteran status or any other protected status. LI-HY1