Overview At Perficient you’ll deliver mission-critical technology and business solutions to Fortune 500 companies and some of the most recognized brands on the planet. And you’ll do it with cutting-edge technologies, thanks to our close partnerships with the world’s biggest vendors. Our network of offices across North America, as well as locations in India and China, will give you the opportunity to spread your wings, too. We’re proud to be publicly recognized as a “Top Workplace” year after year. This is due, in no small part, to our entrepreneurial attitude and collaborative spirit that sets us apart and keeps our colleagues impassioned, driven, and fulfilled. Perficient currently has a career opportunity for a BI & Big Data Technical Architect in our Data Solutions office located in Dallas/Houston. Job Overview: As a BI Architect, you will be filling the role of a strategic BI Lead for the Data Solutions practice that focuses on analytics within Perficient. For our BI practice, we are looking for someone who has the necessary technical expertise as well as adept understanding to for strategic business decisions. Work within this type of role requires you have a strong understanding of report development lifecycles including the understanding of requirements gathering, designing, and developing final solutions. In addition, we are looking for someone with a strong background in Agile Project Management, story-telling, prototyping, and sprint deployments. As part of the data team you will be engaged on a multitude of projects that require a certain level of expertise in having worked or worked with Data Analysts, and QA roles, excellent communication skills to interact with clients and lead developers, providing business support for deployed BI applications, and developing documentation when needed. Responsibilities Serve as a technical lead and mentor. Provide technical support or leadership in the development and continual improvement of service. Develop and maintain effective working relationships with team members. Demonstrate the ability to adapt and work with team members of various experience level. Become the Power BI & Azure expert working on multiple facets of Azure Cortana Intelligence Suite Understand and design cube based BI models using SSRS/AS Able to work in a Data warehousing environment with multiple datasets to integrate Qualifications Required Qualifications: 7+ Years Strong experience in report development using the Power BI, Tableau, and Qlik 10+ Years of creating SQL Queries to provide ad-hoc reports, analysis, and datasets based on business needs 5+ Years of experience in an EDW environment with a preference in the last 2 years on Big Data distribution (on prem or cloud) 1+ years of SOLID understand of the DAX model and SSAS cubes 5+ Years of consulting experience with client facing roles in BI 5+ Years of leading BI projects with multiple technologies 5+ Years of Microsoft BI tools including Excel and SSIS/RS/AS 2+ years of Big Data BI experience 5+ years of experience in Define, develop, and maintain reports in multiple reporting platforms including Tableau, Business Objects, Cognos, and SSRS/Power BI with a focus on BO At least 2+ years of experience on working with large projects in the cloud (Azure) Assist with testing and quality assurance activities with data extracts, research and analysis Ability to learn and develop skills as needed to support services outside of this job description and prove with prior examples Participate and lead in design sessions, demos and prototype sessions, testing and training workshops with business users and other IT associates Experience in building complex MS Excel solutions using pivot tables and other reporting tools Experience collecting, analyzing and documenting user requirements and closely working with BA on prototyping Experience in building and executing production migration plans 2+ years of prototyping with an ability to prove a solution in the interview Oracle and SQL experience (11gR2/Sql Server 2005/2012), and PL/SQL and T-SQL (8+ years) Preferred Qualifications: Working knowledge of ETL Tools like Informatica, DataStage, etc. (2+ years) Experience solving a complex BI problem with a BI tool and ability to articulate (2+ years) Ability to work as a collaborative team, mentoring and training the junior team members Working knowledge on building and reporting to data governance team Experience working with huge BI practices such as top 10 large consulting firms Passion to provide a solid UX to non-technical users Erwin/Power Designer experience with Dimensional Modeling (5+ years) Experience with Jira/HP-ALM (2+ years) Preferred Education/Skills: Preferred Master’s degree in MIS, Computer Science, Data Analytics, or Equivalent Bachelor’s Degree with a minimum of 5+ years relevant experience or equivalent. Perficient full-time employees receive complete and competitive benefits. We offer a collaborative work environment, competitive compensation, generous work/life opportunities and an outstanding benefits package that includes paid time off plus holidays. In addition, all colleagues are eligible for a number of rewards and recognition programs including billable bonus opportunities. Encouraging a healthy work/life balance and providing our colleagues great benefits are just part of what makes Perficient a great place to work. More About Perficient Perficient is the leading digital transformation consulting firm serving Global 2000 and enterprise customers throughout North America. With unparalleled information technology, management consulting and creative capabilities, Perficient and its Perficient Digital agency deliver vision, execution and value with outstanding digital experience, business optimization and industry solutions. Our work enables clients to improve productivity and competitiveness; grow and strengthen relationships with customers, suppliers and partners; and reduce costs. Perficient's professionals serve clients from a network of offices across North America and offshore locations in India and China. Traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, Perficient is a member of the Russell 2000 index and the S&P SmallCap 600 index. _Perficient is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national, origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law._ _Disclaimer:_ _The above statements are not intended to be a complete statement of job content, rather to act as a guide to the essential functions performed by the employee assigned to this classification. Management retains the discretion to add or change the duties of the position at any time._