Company Overview Epicor is one of the world’s leading software companies, with more than 20,000 customers in over 150 countries using our products to effectively and efficiently automate and streamline their essential business functions. With industry specific solutions for the manufacturing, distribution, retail and service industries, Epicor products allow our customers to focus on core, revenue generating activities. Epicor is privately owned by KKR & Co. and produces approximately $900M in annual revenue with around 4,000 employees. Role Summary/Purpose: The Cloud Infrastructure Director is responsible for the stability, integrity and performance of all infrastructure environments including storage, servers, networking, virtualization, automation systems and all associated hardware and software solutions. The Cloud Infrastructure Director ensures that customer infrastructure implementations follow project management and service delivery best practices. This is a hands-on role involving management and operation of all activities across the engineer-deploy-operate continuum. The Cloud Infrastructure Director oversees a broad team (Infrastructure Operations Team) of Infrastructure Architects, system administrators, networking and storage professionals who leverage good infrastructure engineering practices to ensure consistency of operations across all client services. Additionally, the Cloud Infrastructure Director will define support and communication processes and work with operational and engineering experts to develop monitoring, reporting and new automation functionalities. The Cloud Infrastructure Director will work with all development teams within the business as well as engineering experts to ensure the needs of our clients and their applications are met. Essential Responsibilities: Drive excellent, consistent customer service via operations. Ensure the proper management, maintenance and provisioning of all environments. Lead and develop our Infrastructure Operations Team to greater heights of effectiveness, customer service and accomplishment. Ensure Infrastructure Operations Team is adhering to Information Security, Regulatory Compliance, Incident Management, Problem Management and Change Management processes/practices. Responsible for the proper monitoring and alerting of all environments. Responsible for internal infrastructure projects which may require cross-departmental coordination to achieve goals. Provide input into infrastructure lifecycle, improvement and standardization strategies. Drive the objectives associated with Problem Management; such as customer communication and Root Cause Analysis reports. Develop internal SOPs, processes and training to ensure Infrastructure team members have the needed skills and tools to support the production environments and deliver on project commitments. Qualifications/Requirements: 5+ year’s management and people leadership experience in the Service Delivery or IT/Cloud Operations areas. Cloud Services/IaaS engineering experience is required. Managed Services experience is required. Strong project management skills. Strong organizational/business planning skills. Strong relationship building skills. Proven strong oral and written communication skills. Proven ability to effectively work with cross-functional teams. Vendor management experience is required. Prior experience with SCRUM/Agile methodologies with enterprise-level application development projects. PMI-ACP, CSM, or equivalent a plus FOLLOW US ON LINKEDIN - http://www.linkedin.com/company/epicor-software- corp Epicor Software Corporation is proud to be an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.