Who We Are We’re America’s largest mortgage lender, closing loans in all 50 states. J.D Power ranked Quicken Loans “Highest in Customer Satisfaction in Primary Mortgage Origination” for the past eight consecutive years, 2010 – 2017. The company was also ranked highest in the nation for client satisfaction among mortgage servicers by J.D. Power for four consecutive years, 2014 through 2017, each year the company was eligible. There’s a simple reason we’ve been so successful: We care about the people we work with. If you’re tired of stuffy, bureaucratic workplaces, then you’ll be delighted to find something different here. We strive to make a creative, fun and collaborative environment you simply won’t find anywhere else. Quicken Loans was named 1 in ESSENCE Magazine’s first ever list of “Best Places to Work for African Americans” in 2015. We've been on Computerworld's "Best Places to Work in IT" list for 13 years running, hitting 1 the last five years. We were also ranked 14 in FORTUNE Magazine’s list of "100 Best Companies to Work For" in 2018, remaining in the top-30 for the past 15 years. What You'll Do/Need The Knowledge Management Product Manager creates the strategy for the consumption and codification of our lending guidelines, ultimately making them available for both human and machine consumption. This team member collaborates with our Enterprise Architects, our data science team, and our business partners to bring to market solutions that serve our business needs, building a foundation for leveraging machine learning and potentially expanding to external use. This Product Manager is has a deep understanding of the current landscape and is responsible for building the business cases, creating a roadmap, handling vendor engagement and working closely with our technology team on implementation of solutions. Responsibilities Provide leadership on an overall client/business experience vision and apply it to user and business flows, experiences and applications Develop a deep understanding of our client types and their online behaviors, and find new opportunities to improve their experience with Quicken Loans Be the subject matter expert of your segment and how it interacts with other processes and surrounding tools and systems Identify market opportunities by analyzing the competition and create detailed action plans based on those analyses Direct the product roadmap, thinking three months to a year in advance Collaborate with other teams to conceive, develop and execute end-client features to support product and business plans Utilize metrics data and user research to drive priorities and decisions Enhance the client experience to maximize client satisfaction, net promoter score and retainment Assess and define product opportunities through detailed user epic- and feature-level requirements and business needs Work with engineering and product design on rapid prototyping and validation of MVP Work with internal training and marketing teams to ensure the smooth rollout of product enhancements Requirements Degree in business management, marketing, computer science, information management systems or a closely related field Prior experience in product management for web and mobile products Expert knowledge of and skill with knowledge management, information architecture, regulation technology, content taxonomy, natural language processing, natural language understanding, natural language generation and financial industry business ontology What You'll Get Excellent benefits package that includes a 401(k) match, medical/dental/vision insurance and much more Opportunities to participate in professional and personal development programs, including personal empowerment coaching, leadership training and ongoing personal growth training Other incentives, contests and rewards, including trips, event tickets, cash prizes and more Why We're Different Corporate politics not your strong suit? The anti-corporate culture of Quicken Loans gives our team members the initiative to build solutions together and grow both personally and professionally. At Quicken Loans, we’re in the business of putting roofs over our clients’ heads, but we certainly aren’t putting ceilings on our team members’ careers. If you’re interested in working in a place with a philosophy that’s truly different, apply today. Quicken Loans is an equal opportunity employer. _Disclaimer: Quicken Loans received the highest numerical score in the proprietary J.D. Power 2010 – 2016 Primary Mortgage Origination studies and the 2014 – 2017 Primary Mortgage Servicer studies. 2016 Origination (or Sales) based on 5,182 total responses and measures the opinions of customers who originated a new mortgage or refinanced within the past 12 months, surveyed in July – August 2016. 2017 Servicing based on 7,374 total responses and measures the opinions of homeowners on their mortgage servicing company, surveyed in March – April 2017. Your experiences may vary. Visit JDPower.com._ __ _Quicken Loans is the 1 online lender based on the ranking of Quicken Loans in comparison to online residential mortgage lenders included in the Inside Mortgage Finance "Top 50 Mortgage Lenders" report from Q2 2017._