Peak Performers is a nonprofit recruiting firm specializing in contract roles with state of Texas government agencies. We've partnered with the Texas Commission on the Arts to recruit for a Systems Administrator. TCA is headquartered in downtown Austin--we're seeking someone to work part time 10-12 hours per week; some work can be done remotely. Our client The mission of the Texas Commission on the Arts (TCA) is to advance our state economically and culturally by investing in a creative Texas. TCA supports a diverse and innovative arts community in Texas, throughout the nation and internationally by providing resources to enhance economic development, arts education, cultural tourism and artist sustainability initiatives. Your role This is a hybridized role for a talented IT professional comfortable in many different fields. We're looking for someone to do systems administration/networking, coding/software development, and database administration. You have: Experience with the following programming technologies: PHP ASP C C++ .NET Experience with the following web technologies: MySQL WordPress SNMP Server Amazon Cloud Services VPN Server Experience with the following systems administration/networking technologies: Netgear Switches VPN Server VMWare VCenter server management Project term: estimated to last one year with option to renew Compensation: $61.50 / hour (W2) (part time 10-12 hours per week) What's it like to work for Peak Performers Qualified applicants with chronic medical conditions and/or disabilities receive job preference. Our clients can hire you at any time - with no fee! We want you to get hired. We pay weekly through direct deposit. We offer ACA compliant health insurance at 60 days. In business since 1994, our relationships span 24 years and thousands of job placements. All employment offers are contingent on the successful completion of a pre- employment criminal background check, in compliance with all applicable federal and state laws. Applicants for employment with Peak Performers must possess work authorization that does not require sponsorship for a visa now or in the future. Peak Performers is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applicants without regard to race, marital status, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability or any other characteristic protected by law. Peak Performers does not accept unsolicited resumes from headhunters, recruitment agencies or fee based recruitment services.