The Information Security Analyst is responsible for operating information security systems and processes such as perimeter defense, endpoint security, incident response, access, authentication, monitoring and other systems focused on the confidentiality, availability and integrity of corporate systems and data. ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Conduct vulnerability and compliance scans in accordance with published schedule; develop processes to drive 100% reporting of desired devices; submit results to Compliance staff for submission to regulatory body. Perform analysis of scan results to identify gaps; Work with engineering staff to remediate findings. Identifies and resolves false positive findings in assessment results Perform detailed technical testing of security controls and produces detailed written reports of the test results. Produces vulnerability, configuration, and coverage metrics and reporting to demonstrate assessment coverage and remediation effectiveness Perform periodic penetration testing of all applications and network elements for adherence to company security policies. Automate workflows to perform security event monitoring and incident management. Automate the detection of incidents based on available forensic data. Assist in investigations and remediation or mitigating solutions. Analyze log data and alerts, interpret and correlate events, create advanced search patterns to identify threats. Performs and automates vulnerability management assessment functions, and reporting Provides support for security tools, controls and processes. Supports audit and compliance needs. Identify security issues and risks, develop mitigation plans. Reviews alerts and data from sensors and documents formal, technical incident reports Researches emerging threats and vulnerabilities to aid in the identification of network incidents Analyzes data from threat and vulnerability feeds and analyzes data for applicability to the organization Identifies and resolves false positive findings in assessment results Generates reports on assessment findings and summarizes to facilitate remediation tasks Automate workflows to perform security event monitoring and incident management. Automate the detection of incidents based on available forensic data. Ensures compliance with all applicable configuration standards Lead or participate in other projects or duties. Occasional travel required. Able to lift twenty-five pounds. SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES: N/A EDUCATION, TRAINING AND EXPERIENCE: 2-5 years’ experience in technical cyber security or information technology role directly managing or operating cyber security tools. Technical cyber security certifications like Security + or other vendor specific security certifications Bachelor’s degree in cyber security, network security, computer science, or other related technical discipline preferred but not required Practical knowledge of standard security tools and technologies like endpoint protection, boundary protection, encryption, and other security suites REQUIRED FOUNDATIONAL COMPETENCIES: Builds Relationships: Fosters open dialogue and obtains shared commitment to proposals; shared ideas and information to promote mutual understanding, respect, and effective decision-making. Drives for Results: Acts to create opportunities for Vertex or to avoid future problems; has the courage to act with incomplete information rather than simply thinking about it; maintains a focused commitment to achieving enterprise objectives. Knows the Business: Understands and applies knowledge of Vertex’s business and processes to accomplish goals. Anticipates Customer Needs (internal and external): Establishes and maintains productive relationships with customers and partners, anticipating their needs. Learns Continuously: Expands own knowledge base to enhance performance; seeks development to increase strengths for current and future needs. COMMENTS: The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by individuals in this position. Other functions may be assigned and management retains the right to add or change the duties at any time.