The Sr. Business Intelligence Architect will lead the delivery of business analytics solutions based on the business requirements of Ergotron’s key stakeholders. The candidate is an experienced senior hands-on business analytics developer with a deep understanding of delivering business value with robust visualizations. The ideal candidate will have played a lead role on multiple successful implementations that includes analytic and dashboard visualization deliverables as well as architecting of ETL solutions and Enterprise Data Warehouses. Candidate will display strong business acumen and communication skills with the proven ability to lead business analytics scope and requirement definition sessions. Candidate should possess the ability to advise on best practices, train other resources and translate technical jargon into business terms for management and functional team members. Position Responsibilities: Facilitate discussions with business users to identify scope of analytics solutions Create visualization solutions based on requirements from stakeholders Understand how to create dashboards, interactive analytic components, online standard reports and external facing reports Develop a practical roadmap for an enterprise-wide analytics platform Define the overall BI data architecture, including ETL processes, ODS, EDW, data marts and data lakes. Provide BI technical and architectural guidance to projects and teams, ensuring that new initiatives enable effective data reporting Assist Subject Matter Experts (SMEs) to design strategic reporting and KPIs using Power BI toolkit and deep experience with successful implementations of robust analytics solutions. Produce quality deliverables as an output of design sessions. Understands concepts of data analytics, predictive analytics and trend analysis Leads solution architect work, estimates project scope, cost and time schedule, incorporates risks and issues in the project planning and ultimately leads the delivery of the business analytics solutions. Debug and troubleshoot Power BI solutions Modifies existing and creates new Power BI deliverables leveraging deep industry experience Supports “Lean Business Enterprise” initiatives for continuous process improvement and waste elimination. Additional duties as requested. Position Requirements (Knowledge and Experience): 7 years of experience working as a data warehousing developer using industry leading tools 5 years of hands-on experience with Power BI or similar solutions with exposure to the most recent release Thorough exposure to Data Governance, Data Warehousing, Data integration, Visual Analytics, Data Sciences, Enterprise Service Bus, and other tools including Informatica, SSIS, SSAS, Power BI etc. Expertise in gathering requirements from non-technical business users and turning into analytics design specifications Expert in reporting against a data warehouse source that contains various star schemas, facts and dimensions. Experience with working with Data Modelers, Business Analysts, Report/BI developers, DBAs and system admins in a collaborative manner Experience building dynamic Excel dashboards, such as connecting to DBs, pivot tables Experience with addressing performance and data issues within report technical deliverables Strong oral and written communication skills. No VISA sponsorship. Must be able to perform the physical requirements of the job as described to you for the position. Ergotron VALUES: We Are Ergotron. We Show Up. We Own It. We're Not Done Yet!