Google is known for our innovative technologies, products and services — and for the people behind them. The Google People Services (GPS) team focuses on providing an amazing experience to past, present and future Googlers. As a Programs Specialist, you will enthusiastically represent the Google brand and build our talent pipeline. Whether it’s making our staffing systems more efficient, planning for our growth, building relationships on college campuses or cultivating the next generation of computer scientists, you will have an eye on the staffing needs of Google and the broader hiring landscape. You'll be focused on cultivating outstanding candidates for Google's long-term hiring needs, and you are the glue that ties together a cross-functional and international group of staffing teams. The Talent Programs & Events team, part of Global People Services, is focused on promoting YouTube and Google as an exceptional place to work for potential talent; building a robust and diverse pipeline of outstanding candidates and collaborating cross-functionally and globally to build and refine partnerships and outreach. Whether you are developing events that will engage a target engineering profile, building relationships with external organizations or developing strategy to attract talent to YouTube’s workforce, you will have an eye on Google’s short-term and long-term growth needs and a pulse of the broader brand landscape. Great just isn't good enough for our People Operations team (you probably know us better as "Human Resources"). Made up of equal parts HR professionals, former consultants and analysts, we're the champions of Google's colorful culture. In People Ops, we "find them, grow them, and keep them" - we bring the world's most innovative people to Google and provide the programs that help them thrive. Whether recruiting the next great Googler, refining our core programs, developing talent or simply looking for ways to inject some more fun into the lives of our Googlers, we bring a data-driven approach that is reinventing the human resources field. Responsibilities Plan and execute recruiting and employment branding events, ranging from small intimate programs to large scale productions. Build solid relationships with vendors, internal team members, and a wide range of stakeholders across Google to manage expectations and ensure high-quality event management. Partner with internal entities to create comprehensive program and event strategies. Contribute to our online presence and public messaging by creating interesting and informational web and collateral content. Manage post-event reporting, detailed tracking and analysis. Manage relationships with key external organizations and groups to cultivate a strong partnership and enhance Google’s brand in the employment marketplace. Develop and implement events including program mapping/planning, budgets, stakeholder engagement, logistics, messaging (internal and external), developing content with partners, and other core elements to successfully meet event objectives. Travel as required. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. 4 years of experience in program/event planning, marketing, HR, or a related area. 1-year of experience with diversity event planning and managing events targeted. Ability to travel as required by role. Preferred qualifications: Experience working with large amounts of data. Ability to handle, analyze, visualize and present data to influence decision-making. Experience using G Suite (e.g. Email, Calendar, Docs, Spreadsheets and Sites. Focused on providing client support for the coordination and seamless delivery of events. Able to grow positive working relationships with colleagues at all organizational levels. Ability to prioritize and multitask, and follow through with team members to achieve individual and group goals. Flexible, proactive, responsible, and detail-oriented. Highly motivated and creative professional with demonstrated event, project/budget management, organizational and communication skills. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.