We at Stratasys are passionate believers in the value and power of 3D printing, and in the change it can bring to design, innovation and manufacturing. The solutions we create are used by over 20,000 enterprises worldwide, and are rapidly changing the way products are imagined, designed, marketed, produced, supplied and sold. We are literally shaping the world that surrounds us – from the products and services in our lives and homes, to our health and quality of life, our transport, security and economies, to how we teach, research and even learn. Are you passionate about innovation? Do you stay current on latest web designs and user trends and make development recommendations? If so, this position may be for you! This Full Stack Developer will support Stratasys websites and applications. This individual will assist in developing web applications, integrating into ERP, CRM and other 3rd party platforms and maintaining existing applications and sites. Location: Eden Prairie, MN Development of websites and applications Maintain existing code Update existing applications and maintain documentation Work on integration points with various applications and 3rd party software Trouble-shoot web issues by analyzing code Basic server maintenance and monitoring MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, MIS, Engineering or equivalent technical experience 3+ years .NET web development experience 3+ years experience developing rich Internet applications using HTML5/CSS3/JavaScript Familiarity with at least one JavaScript MV framework (Angular.js, Backbone.js, Ember.js) Experience using Agile methodologies and tools such as Scrum and JIRA Strong understanding of Object Oriented Programming (OOP) concepts and enterprise design patterns Experience providing REST/SOAP APIs for user interface consumption Comfort with and understanding of a version control, continuous integration, and deployment tools Software architecture experience in an enterprise size environment Strong understanding of Unit Testing Hands on experience utilizing and customizing a CMS driven website (Sitecore) Stratasys Ltd. (Nasdaq: SSYS), headquartered in Minneapolis, Minnesota and Rehovot, Israel, is a leading global provider of 3D printing and additive manufacturing solutions. The company's patented FDM® and PolyJet™ 3D Printing technologies produce prototypes and manufactured goods directly from CAD data for the aerospace, automotive, health care, consumer goods and education industries. Stratasys subsidiaries include MakerBot and GrabCAD, and the company operates the digital parts manufacturing service, Stratasys Direct. Stratasys has nearly 3,000 employees, holds over 1,200 granted or pending additive manufacturing patents globally, and has received more than 30 awards for its technology and leadership. Why Join Us? We’ve been at the forefront of 3D printing innovation for more than 25 years. We’re trusted worldwide by leading manufacturers and groundbreaking designers, makers, thinkers and doers. Stratasys is seeking candidates who are passionate about playing a significant role in our next generation of growth. If you want to work in an environment filled with smart, creative and humble people who are passionate about building things, solving problems and collaborating, apply today! _To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. Stratasys will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification form upon hire. All offers of employment with Stratasys, Inc. are contingent upon the successful passing of a background check._