_We've got the keys to a rewarding career, drive on over to Penske!_ Have the drive to be a part of a top service department? Want to keep the best fleet up and running? If you're happy helping customers, you’re a perfect fit! We’re hiring a service administrator for our Tacoma, Washington branch. The Service Administrator will provide administrative support to the Service Department by updating service related systems and contacting customers on a regular basis. This position is also responsible for the completion of all paperwork related to the Service Department. Click below to see what makes Penske great! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2gNxP04N06o In addition, the service administrator will have these major responsibilities: Maintain Service Net Planner with PMs campaigns, repairs from drive-ins, call-ins, and 24/7 calls, and off lease/on lease. Start R/O’s, schedule pick-ups and vendor outside work. Respond to customer inquiries regarding billing and scheduling. Greet customers at the location and assists customers via phone and e-mail. Assist with parts inventories and cycle counts, procurement, storage and billing. Complete yard checks and/or safety inspections Assist with shop administrative processes and run reports as scheduled Complete repair orders, fuel analysis, and all paperwork involved in daily office procedures Recording attendance of shop personnel Ordering supplies, mailing, and scheduling Accident reporting and administration Prepares, issues, and sends out receipts, bills, policies, invoices, warranties, statements, and checks Operates computer terminal to input and retrieve data Opens and routes incoming mail, answers correspondence, and prepares outgoing mail Other projects and tasks as assigned by supervisor Qualifications: To succeed in this role, the ideal candidate will have the following qualifications: High School Diploma or equivalent required; Associates or Bachelors’ degree preferred 2 years of experience in shop administration 2 years of customer service experience Proficient skill with MS Office software Excellent phone skills Excellent verbal communication skills Regular, predictable, full attendance is an essential function of the job Work the required schedule, work at the specific location required, complete Penske employment application, submit to a background investigation (to include past employment, education, and criminal history) and drug screening are required. Physical Requirements: The physical and mental demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an associate to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The associate will be required to: read; communicate verbally and/or in written form; remember and analyze certain information; and remember and understand certain instructions or guidelines. While performing the duties of this job, the associate may be required to stand, walk, and sit. The associate is frequently required to use hands to touch, handle, and feel, and to reach with hands and arms. The associate must be able to occasionally lift and/or move up to 25lbs/12kg. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and the ability to adjust focus. Penske is an Equal Opportunity Employer. About Penske Truck Leasing Penske Truck Leasing Co., L.P., headquartered in Reading, Pennsylvania, is a partnership of Penske Corporation, Penske Automotive Group, and Mitsui & Co., Ltd. A leading global transportation services provider, Penske operates more than 260,000 vehicles, employs more than 29,000 people, and serves customers from more than 1,000 locations in North America, South America, Europe, Australia, and Asia. Product lines include full-service truck leasing, contract maintenance, commercial and consumer truck rentals, used truck sales, transportation and warehousing management and supply chain management solutions. Visit http://www.GoPenske.com at http://www.gopenske.com/ to learn more. Ready to help the customer? Apply for this opportunity and start your career with Penske today. Work Locations: 1460 Thorne Rd Tacoma, WA Primary Location: United States-Washington-Tacoma Job: Administrative Penske (Oracle) Job Name: Administrative Req ID: 1808442