As an Intern will partner with experienced technicians and engineers to help provide technical guidance within various levels. You will have the opportunity to provide our internal workforce with infrastructure related support. Team Overviews IT Help Desk: Is responsible to troubleshoot and resolve endpoint issues, install and support the systems, and assist with the day-to-day operations for Tesla’s global IT infrastructure to provide for the growth of Tesla’s initiatives. IT Manufacturing Support: Is responsible to report to the MES Ops team and support the manufacturing floor for various needs of processing data, troubleshooting various IT issues, help maintain printers, review SOPs, and implement tactical support of changes. IT Operations: Is responsible for the process of managing the day-to-day IT infrastructure including managing the provisioning, capacity, performance and availability of the computing, networking and application environment. They are also responsible for reviewing data and documenting process flows. Specific project assignments and required technical aptitude will vary based on the needs of the individual hiring team. Required Skills and Qualifications Currently working towards a BS, MS, or other graduate degree in a relevant engineering program (including, but not limited to: Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Information Technology, Information Systems). Experience with the following; Windows, Mac OS, and Active directory. Knowledge and experience with Ticketing systems. You must be self-managed and committed to working in a fast-paced environment. Professional and positive communication skills. Previous internship and/or project experience is a plus. This role is available across various Tesla locations, including headquarters in Palo Alto, CA, the factory in Fremont, CA, and Gigafactory 1 in Sparks, NV – must be able to relocate for the duration of your internship. Apply Tesla participates in the E-Verify Program