We’re looking for a Clinical Quality Manager at our Downtown Chicago location. This position would report to our Director of Operations. We offer competitive compensation and a comprehensive benefits package. Midwest Orthopaedics at Rush, with locations in Chicago and the Western Suburbs, is nationally recognized as a leader in comprehensive orthopedic services. The physicians of Midwest Orthopaedics at Rush have received specialized training in orthopedic surgery and in subspecialty areas within the field of orthopedic medicine and can diagnose and treat even the most complicated and rare musculoskeletal conditions. The Orthopedic Program at Rush University Medical Center is ranked 5th in the nation by U.S. News and World Report. Midwest Orthopaedics at Rush doctors are the official team physicians for the Chicago White Sox, Chicago Bulls, Chicago Fire Soccer Club and DePaul University Athletics. Assesses patient health status including state of wellness and compliance with care plan, and determines appropriate diagnostic and therapeutic procedures. Utilizes practice technology including, but not limited to, electronic health record, dictation, and outcomes tools to their full capability to ensure excellent patient care. Responsible for providing oversight of medical care as delegated by physician. Educates patients and families as appropriate and provides continuity of care. Follows all patients admitted to a hospital facility and educates patients regarding discharge instructions and post hospital communication plans. Administrative activities related to patient care Performs physical examinations and preventive health measures within prescribed guidelines and instructions of Physician. Records physical findings, and formulates plan and prognosis, based on patient's condition. Discusses case with Physician and other health professionals to prepare comprehensive patient care plan. Submits health care plan and goals of individual patients for periodic review and evaluation by Physician. Qualifications To perform the job successfully, an individual should demonstrate the following competencies: Use of Technology - Demonstrates required skills; adapts to new technologies; keeps technical skills up to date. Job Knowledge - Competent in required job skills and knowledge; exhibits ability to learn and apply new skills; keeps abreast of current developments; requires minimal supervision; displays understanding of how job relates to others; uses resources effectively. Continuous Learning - Assesses own strengths and weaknesses; seeks feedback to improve performance; strives to continuously build knowledge and skills. Problem Solving - Identifies and resolves problems in a timely manner; gathers and analyzes information skillfully; develops alternative solutions; works well in group problem solving situations; uses reason even when dealing with emotional topics. Project Management - Communicates changes and progress; completes projects on time and budget. Managing Customer Focus - Promotes customer focus; establishes customer service standards; monitors customer satisfaction; develops new approaches to meeting customer needs. Cooperation - Establishes and maintains effective relations; exhibits tact and consideration; offers assistance and support to co-workers; works cooperatively in group situations; works actively to resolve conflicts. Communications - Expresses ideas and thoughts verbally; expresses ideas and thoughts in written form; exhibits good listening and comprehension; keeps others adequately informed; selects and uses appropriate communication methods. Customer Service - Manages difficult or emotional customer situations; responds promptly to customer needs; solicits customer feedback to improve service ; responds to requests for service and assistance; meets commitments. Oral Communication - Speaks clearly and persuasively in positive or negative situations; listens and gets clarification; responds well to questions; demonstrates group presentation skills; participates in meetings. Teamwork - Balances team and individual responsibilities; exhibits objectivity and openness to others' views; gives and welcomes feedback; contributes to building a positive team spirit; puts success of team above own interests; able to build morale and group commitments to goals and objectives; supports everyone's efforts to succeed. Written Communication - Writes clearly and informatively; edits work for spelling and grammar; varies writing style to meet needs; presents numerical data effectively; able to read and interpret written information. Conflict Resolution - Encourages open communications; confronts difficult situations; maintains objectivity; keeps emotions under control; uses negotiation skills to resolve conflicts. Diversity - Shows respect and sensitivity for cultural differences. Ethics - Treats people with respect; keeps commitments; inspires the trust of others; works with integrity and principles; upholds organizational values. Organizational Support - Follows policies and procedures; completes administrative tasks correctly and on time; supports organization's goals and values. Personal Appearance - Dresses appropriately for position; keeps self well groomed. Achievement Focus - Demonstrates persistence and overcomes obstacles; measures self against standard of excellence; recognizes and acts on opportunities; takes calculated risks to accomplish goals. Adaptability - Adapts to changes in the work environment; manages competing demands; changes approach or method to best fit the situation; able to deal with frequent change, delays, or unexpected events. Attendance/Punctuality - Is consistently at work and on time; ensures work responsibilities are covered when absent; arrives at meetings and appointments on time. Dependability - Follows instructions, responds to management direction; takes responsibility for own actions; keeps commitments; commits to long hours of work when necessary to reach goals.; completes tasks on time or notifies appropriate person with an alternate plan. Initiative - Volunteers readily; undertakes self-development activities; takes independent actions and calculated risks; asks for and offers help when needed. Innovation - Displays original thinking and creativity; meets challenges with resourcefulness. Judgement - Displays willingness to make decisions; exhibits sound and accurate judgment; supports and explains reasoning for decisions; includes appropriate people in decision-making process; makes timely decisions. Planning/Organizing - Uses time efficiently; sets goals and objectives; develops realistic action plans. Quality - Demonstrates accuracy and thoroughness; looks for ways to improve and promote quality; applies feedback to improve performance; monitors own work to ensure quality. Quantity - Meets productivity standards; completes work in timely manner; strives to increase productivity; works quickly. Safety and Security - Observes safety and security procedures. Education and/or Experience Graduate of an accredited Nurse Practitioner of Physician Assistant program; orthopaedic experience essential; knowledge of governmental programs related to enhancing quality care a plus. Certificates, Licenses, Registrations Current Illinois State NP or PA License, Current CPR Certification and Certified by the American Academy of Nurse Practitioners or National Commission on _Certification_ of _Physician Assistants_