WHAT YOU’LL DO At ChefSteps, we’re not just cooks—we are engineers and designers; it’s as much a tech company as it is a culinary one. We believe the future will be better when software helps cooks learn from each other and powers the tools that put them in control of the kitchen. We are looking for developers able to work effectively across both the server and client sides to create beautiful experiences for our users on our website and e-commerce platforms. You might be the right fit if you love food, are self-directed, enjoy refactoring, and are experienced enough to know how and when to ship. WHAT WILL HELP YOU BE MOST SUCCESSFUL You have a demonstrable track record of building sophisticated, highly interactive Web applications You write elegant, reusable, well-tested code and can strike the right balance between writing perfect code and shipping it rapidly and iteratively You are able to design and implement large projects in a self-directed fashion You quickly assimilate whatever technologies are needed for a project When pointed to a target, you eliminate obstacles and just make it happen—usually in a way that is more awesome than originally envisioned 3+ years of experience in a production environment would be a good match for the team Icing on the cake if you have experience with Ruby, Rails, Spree Commerce, React, AngularJS, Heroku, SASS, PostgreSQL, and/or AWS IN RETURN, PLEASE ENJOY Full health coverage, plus vision and dental insurance Competitive pay, annual salary adjustments, 401(k) plan, and ownership in the form of shares and/or options Self-determined leave—you schedule your own vacation and sick days, coordinating directly with your teammates Enriching work environment: Whether you want to master chocolate soufflé, score pro photography tips, master new math skills, or learn to pilot a glider, your ChefSteps teammates can help you learn. We hire fascinating people from many different backgrounds—Michelin-star chefs, award-winning animators and designers, top engineers, and globe-trotting journalists. If you come to work looking to get smarter, you’ve come to the right place. Design your own workstation—we encourage employees to request the tools and supplies they need to do their job well Dog-friendly work environment Seriously stocked coffee station: La Marzocco espresso maker, pour overs, French presses—we provide you with all of them, plus Herkimer beans for days. Just want a Nespresso? We’ve got that too. So much free food—snacks to fuel you, dishes crafted by ridiculously talented chefs to feed your very soul. Seriously, it’s like working in a secret Seattle restaurant that also happens to be the best one. The best parties, sailing trips, mountain vacations, and more—many of us have a background in hospitality, and we like to do it up right Great location. First: We work in downtown Seattle, which, wow. This city is amazing. Second, we are right in the heart of Pike Place Market, which means drinking, eating, and grocery shopping in a world-class food destination mere steps from your desk. What, pray tell, could be better than that? WHO WE ARE Born of a love of cooking, ChefSteps is a smart kitchen product company building tools to help people cook more, have more fun cooking, and get incredible results every time. In 2016 we launched Joule, the smartest, smallest, and most powerful sous vide tool on the market. Controlled by a smartphone or tablet (plus Amazon Alexa and Facebook Messenger), Joule has been used to cook more than 1 million meals—and counting—and is sold at Amazon.com, Sur La Table, and the ChefSteps website. We are currently hard at work on new smart tools, features, and services that will prove integral to the kitchen of the future. Hungry to create incredible cooking experiences for people everywhere, and eat a lot of great food along the way? We'd like to talk to you!