Description: SHR is currently seeking a Director of DevOps to work at our US Headquarters office in Houston, Texas. This is an excellent opportunity to assist in the lead of DevOps. Duties will include overseeing the day-to-day activities and to support the business’s site/software/applications platforms that service the entire business. The Director of DevOps will lead a cross-functional team, diagnose complex issues on various platforms, and play a leading role in software/platform/application architectural evolution. The Director of DevOps will demonstrate superior trouble shooting skills and have extensive knowledge in monitoring and alerting mechanisms. Requirements: Essential Job Functions: Lead the design, build, and operational management of highly secure and scalable sites/software for the business and work to guarantee the reduction or removal of bottlenecks and inefficiencies in the DevOps department and IT department as a whole. Promote, document, and implement systems infrastructure best practices, build tools that allow the department to develop and deploy impeccable sites/software. Create tools that leverage productivity amplifiers such as code generators and schema repositories for scalable deployment. Lead quality assurance and continuous site/software testing. Play a strategic role in designing and building infrastructure for sites/software, ensuring the highest levels of security and responding swiftly to any new and emerging vulnerabilities and security threats identified by the cybersecurity team. Creates tools and automates workflow capabilities in order to enable the business’s software engineering teams to test and promote code across the engineering department. In this role you will also build, configure, and maintain the frameworks, tools, and systems that enable optimal performance of the business’s sites/software. They additionally lead the design and implementation of real-time monitoring systems of these sites/software. Partnership with the frontend and backend engineering teams in all technical operations and works to reduce or eliminate any repetitive or manual tasks. Prove hands-on support to the frontend and backend engineering teams by enabling the migration of site/software services throughout transition periods. Creates tools and automated workflow capabilities in order to enable the business’s software engineering teams to test and promote code across the engineering department. Knowledge Skills & Abilities: Must demonstrate extensive familiarity with technology and demonstrate exceptionally good computer skills. Demonstrated skills working with API’s and enterprise level integration tools. Highly capable of deploying sites/software with standard tools. Proven knowledge in machine learning, big data, statistics, stream processing as well as experience building data processing systems. Exceptional leadership skills with an ability develop and lead a high performing team Education & Experience Required: Master’ degree in Computer Science or any other relevant field. An equivalent of the same in working experience is also acceptable for this position. Extensive working experience in a DevOps capacity, working within a fast-paced and fast-evolving environment. They will also have had vast and successful experience leading a DevOps team. Demonstrated experience in enterprise network technologies as well as experience working in a large database operation environment. They will have had significant experience in service management practices and processes within a continuous delivery environment.