Performs advanced and/or supervisory computer systems analysis to define the test strategy and test plans for software releases for TEA systems. Work involves working as a member of the IV&V; team, analyzing user requirements to develop test cases, test scripts, and complete testing of the software releases to ensure requirements are satisfied and the quality of the software comply with TEA standards. Work includes creating and updating defect tracking and reporting documentation. Daily work requires communicating with the development teams, the IV&V; testers, the business users and other ITS peers. The position requires initiative and works under minimal direction with considerable latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment. This role is responsible for using and developing ITS systems for evaluating and improving the function, performance, security, usability, and overall quality of TEA systems delivered for use by consumers, customers, parents, teachers, administrators, students, and others. This includes all software produced or purchased by the ITS for use by or through TEA. Works under minimal direction with considerable latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment. Additional Military Crosswalk (occupational specialty code) information can be accessed at: http://www.hr.sao.state.tx.us/Compensation/JobDescriptions.aspx. Essential Job Functions: Perform advanced level analysis and review of system requirements, use cases and other design documents to gain overall understanding of the functionality of the enhancement or correction to existing systems in order to define the appropriate level of testing required. Coordinate with the development team and the Independent Verification and Validation (IV&V;) team to ensure all computer programs developed meet the defined requirements and pass the user acceptance testing prior to their release. Create detailed test plans, test cases, test scripts (manual and automated) and test data to ensure that all products are inspected to meet agency standards for quality, security, performance, usability and other standards. Provide testing work estimates for software sprint work. Perform testing work as assigned both manual and automated testing utilizing Selenium tools to build automated testing environment and processes. Develop and maintain SQL queries used to validate data. Develop, enhance and maintain suites of automated test scripts for use in testing software for maintenance windows and regression testing. Communicate with project manager, IV&V; manager, technical team lead, team members and customers about testing tasks and results to understand their needs, and define corrective action. Provide status of work assignments and issues to management in a timely manner. May analyze, evaluate and test new or existing procedures, standard tools, techniques, information systems, or utility programs for accuracy, efficiency, effectiveness, and or process improvement. May provide technical assistance, expertise and support to internal and external users and customers. May assist in the training of agency staff and others on current system enhancements and or new system. May research and evaluate vendor supplied software. Perform related work as assigned. Minimum Qualifications: Education: Graduation from an accredited four year college or university. Experience: Five (5) years experience in the full range of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC); developing and using automated test tools; developing test scripts, scenarios and test reports from requirements; testing web-based applications; and in system performance testing. Substitution: Each additional year of related experience above the required minimum may substitute for education on a year-for-year basis. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities (KSAs): Knowledge of: Testing methods, tools and disciplines, experience with Selenium and WAPT PRO tools; creating test scripts, scenarios and reports; application testing concepts, OOPS concepts and software change management and version management tools. Skill in: Test Automation; testing application systems from existing system and functional specification; writing test plans, test designs, test cases and other test documents; writing SQL to confirm the system is writing and displaying correct data; developing test processes for use by TEA project management office; documenting test results and test status for corrective actions, reporting and audits. Ability to: Test application code and document the results; work in a team environment; communicate well both orally and in writing; provide own drive and initiative; be organized – in thought process, workspace, project methodology, etc. Note: An in-box exercise may be administered at time of interview. Supplemental Information: This job description is not an employment agreement or contract. Management has the exclusive right to alter this job description at any time without notice. Salary is dependent on qualifications. Positions exempt from the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA) will earn compensatory time off rather than overtime for hours in excess of 40 per week. May be required to work hours other than 8 to 5. May be required to work weekends and holidays. In accordance with applicable federal and state equal opportunity laws, it is TEA's policy that no person shall be excluded from consideration for recruitment, selection, appointment, training, promotion, retention or any other personnel action, or be denied any benefits or participation in any educational programs or activities which it operates on the grounds of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, disability, age or veteran status (except where age, sex, or disability constitutes a bona fide occupational qualification necessary to proper and efficient administration). The Immigration Reform and Control Act requires all new employees to present proof of identity and eligibility to work in the United States. TEA does not sponsor H1-B work visas. Males, 18 to 25 years of age, are required to present proof of selection service registration (or exemption) prior to being employed by any state agency. There is a 60-day waiting period for health insurance coverage. This position requires the applicant to meet Agency standards and criteria which may include passing a pre-employment criminal background check, prior to being offered employment by the Agency. Please note, TEA does not accept resumes. An internal applicant who is selected for a position in their current salary group that has the same state title is not eligible for a salary increase. An internal applicant who is selected for a position in their current salary group with a new state title may receive an increase up to 3.4%. The Texas Education Agency uses E-Verify to confirm the employment eligibility of all newly hired employees. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit www.dhs.gov/E-Verify.