As an Enterprise Storage Administrator, you will provide support for Minnesota IT storage area network and network attached storage environments. Responsibilities to include: Review customer requests for storage services, including installs, additions and changes to existing services. Within the framework of the Enterprise architecture, validate storage, configurations, and templates that meet customer requirements. Coordinate and document new requests, upgrades, and changes to existing MNIT services Enterprise Storage system monitoring and reliability checks (assist with planning, testing and implementing system updates) Provide Cloud storage service support Provide technical support to the Technical Assistance Center in analyzing and resolving Enterprise Storage problems Qualifications Minimum Qualifications: Candidates must clearly demonstrate all of the following qualifications in their resume. Position requires a minimum of two (2) years of experience with storage hardware and software technology that includes: Experience with SAN technologies (i.e. FC, iSCSI, TCP/IP) Fiber Channel switching SAN troubleshooting experience Ability to lift up to 50 lb., bend, reach, climb ladders and work in space from under the data center subfloor plenum to above the data center ceiling plenum A Bachelor's degree in Information Technology or related substitutes for two years of experience, OR a related Associate's substitutes for one year. Successful candidate must pass past-employer reference checks and a criminal history verification It is the policy of the MN.IT Services that all employees submit to a background investigation prior to employment. The background check may consist of the following components: SEMA4 Records Check (applies to current and past state employees only) Criminal History Check Employment Reference Check Social Security and Address Verification Education Verification CJIS Background Check Minnesota IT Services will not sponsor applicants for work visas. All applicants must be legally authorized to work in the US Preferred Qualifications: Experience and understanding of FCoE Experience with VMware vSAN Experience with FLASH, Software Defined and Hybrid storage systems Expert knowledge of file level and block level access to data Project management experience Strong customer service skills Excellent communication skills Vendor based Storage Professional Certification Application Details Why Work For Us The State of Minnesota IT Services offers a comprehensive benefits package including low cost medical and dental insurance, employer paid life insurance, short and long term disability, pre-tax flexible spending accounts, defined benefit pension plan, tax-deferred compensation plan (457), generous vacation and sick leave, and 11 paid holidays each year. In addition, at the management’s discretion, Minnesota IT Services offers flexible work scheduling, telework options, mentorship opportunities, employee recognition and reward programs, and paid training and development. Join Minnesota IT Services now and stay for a career! How to Apply Click “Apply” at the bottom of this page. If you are unable to apply online, please contact the job information line at 651.259.3637. For additional information about the application process, go to http://www.mn.gov/careers. To be considered for any Veteran’s Status, you MUST indicate this on your application. RECENTLY SEPARATED VETERANS (RSV): Effective July 1, 2009, legislation provides that the top five RSV applicants who apply and meet the qualifications for a vacancy shall be granted an interview. To qualify, you must meet the following: 1) have separated under honorable conditions from any branch of the armed forces of the United States; 2) have served on active duty for 181 consecutive days or more or for the full period ordered to active duty or have separated by reason of disability incurred while serving on active duty; 3) be a United States citizen or resident alien; and 4) have served in active military service at any time on or after September 11, 2001, as shown on your DD-214 form. To be considered under this legislation, you must: 1) meet all Minimum Qualifications identified in this posting; 2) meet all of the above RSV criteria; and 3) submit a copy of your DD-214 form by the closing date to: MNIT.Recruitment@state.mn.us. Failure to submit your DD-214 form will affect your consideration for an interview under this legislation. Contact If you have questions about the position, contact Jenny Hickey at jenny.hickey@state.mn.us AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER The State of Minnesota is an equal opportunity, affirmative action, and veteran-friendly employer. We are committed to providing culturally responsive services to all Minnesotans. The State of Minnesota recognizes that a diverse workforce is essential and strongly encourages qualified women, minorities, individuals with disabilities, and veterans to apply. It is the policy of Minnesota IT Services to provide reasonable accommodations to qualified candidates and employees. If you are an individual with a disability who needs assistance or cannot access the online job application system, please contact the job information line at 651.259.3637 or email careers@state.mn.us. Please indicate what assistance you need. To request an accommodation for an interview, please contact Jenny Hickey at jenny.hickey@state.mn.us or contact the hiring manager.