Embedded Software Systems Architect Global Product Development is developing high quality products and high quality people Product Development (PD) engineers are responsible for delivering exciting products that are world class in cost, quality, function and time to market. As ONE team, we are committed to delighting our customers and employees by executing consistently while using common global standards, methods and processes with rigor and discipline. ONE TEAM - ONE PLAN - ONE GOAL Embedded Software Systems Architect the Embedded Software Systems Architect is responsible for the creation of vehicle level software systems architecture design and associated architectural standards. This position cascades the architecture for implementation to the product development team. The Embedded Software Systems Architect works to insure compliance to standards. Responsibilities: Understand all requirement sources (customer, vehicle, regulatory, etc.) as inputs for developing vehicle level software architecture. High understanding and relevant technical experience with both system and software architecture design Provide technical leadership and decision making to the product software development teams for software systems related matters. Supports the selection of appropriate design solutions Considers hardware and software design spaces when developing recommended architectural solutions. Define, develop and maintain system architectural standards companywide Requirements: Skills Required: Bachelors of Science in Electrical Engineering, Electrical Computer Engineering, Software Engineering, Computer Science 2+ years Software Systems Engineering experience 2+ years of experience with 8/16/32 bit micro controllers 1+ years of experience with C/C++ development, and HMI and GUI development, and with UML, SysML modelling and associated tools (ex: Enterprise Architect, Magic Draw, and Rhapsody) 1+ years of experience with software modeling tools (e.g. Matlab, Simulink, Stateflow); and software architectures and standards (e.g. AUTOSAR, Genivi, etc.); and with Automotive SPICE, CMM, or other software development process models Skills Preferred: Master’s Degree a plus Experience in multi-core Software Architecture Design Experience in automotive applications and applicable interfaces such as CAN, FlexRay and LIN networks Knowledge of embedded operating system like RTOS, Linux, SysBios Experience with Requirements Management using tool like DOORS Experience with Ethernet protocol desirable, TCP\IP, RPC, GPB ¿Demonstrates good leadership behaviors Ability to utilize both technical and leadership experience ¿Strong analytical skills Excellent English communication skills, both written and verbal. Strong interpersonal skills Ability to meet time sensitive deadlines Ability to make sound decisions and exercise good judgment pertaining to operating procedures and projects. Mindset of Continuous Improvement ¿Excellent attention to detail