We are on the hunt for fun , welcoming , mindful , and refreshing people who are full of vitality and strive to be exceptional. At JuiceLand we work hard for the best quality, and we laugh while we hustle. We welcome singing and dancing on the job! Where else can you leave work smelling like fruit and veggie freshness? We welcome diversity, we LOVE our customers, and we continuously invent new delicious recipes! We are constantly evolving and above all, we support and respect each other. If you feel like you would thrive in our hashtag fresh environment, then come help us make drinks come true! What will you be doing, you ask? Cashier duties: blowing customers minds with your product knowledge and backing up your coworkers by keeping the store stocked and clean. Food prep: slicing and dicing all those delicious fruits and veggies (Omnom!) Drinkmaking: masterfully crafting our delicious drinks with superhero like speed and accuracy (because you are the superhero to our customers) Working at JuiceLand aint easy all the time, but you will be fully trained for success! You should be prepared to hustle and to be on your feet for your whole shift. Please complete the FULL application, and be ready to give us CLEAR and ACCURATE availability. Compensation: hourly + tips = $12.50 GUARANTEED MINIMUM We also offer some sweet employee perks and programs! Health benefits for full-time employees $10 JuiceLand credit every day you work a shift Discounted Castle Hill membership Fresh4Life - employees can apply to receive $2,000 to put towards their personal goals (3 recipients per year) tribecalledquench Instagram feature - we feature employees who cultivate JuiceLand’s core values in everyday life with a professional photo and a personal quote. You are applying for the DOWNTOWN region, which includes our shops at Barton Springs, Deep Eddy, Cesar Chavez, MLK, Frost, and S. 1st. Qualifications What do you need to lock down this juicy life? A Texas certified Food Handlers License Reliable transportation A positive and customer focused attitude An interest in learning about alternative health, nutrition, and superfoods If you really wanna impress us: a short cover letter explaining why you want to become a JuiceLander Documentation proving you are legally able to work in the U.S. (Photo I.D. + Social Security Card/Birth Certificate OR Passport)