We’re a team of learning experts on a mission to grow our business, and we are looking for the best thinkers, speakers, relationship-builders, and teachers out there to join us. The Home Delivery function at Wayfair falls in our broader Logistics organization, and our group focuses on developing training for our field-based home delivery colleagues. We work alongside our field training implementation team to create meaningful learning and development opportunities that can be taught throughout our entire logistics network. You: You will flex those creative muscles, because you will be involved in the creation, communication, and strategic implementation of all training programs and learning modalities across the logistics network. You have an eye for content design, as you’ll be working to design our training presentations, programming materials, learning supplements, and more. A roll-up-your-sleeves attitude will be what makes your training successful. You’re so organized that your friends think it’s scary. In this role, you’ll be moving between Excel, PowerPoint, and our online Learning Management System to manage programming and curriculum for our colleagues throughout North America, as well as reporting progress and outcomes to senior leaders. You’ll use data and recommendations from colleagues to created tailored learning solutions for our teams. Hopefully you like speaking in front of people and teaching your peers – we’ll be especially excited to hear that you want to get in the classroom (and warehouse!) and teach other employees about Wayfair Home Delivery and the skills needed to be successful. You’ll also facilitate trainings virtually, through online learning classrooms in which you’ll connect learners around the country. What you will do: Develop, sustain, and scale training programs for 30+ logistics hubs and corporate operations teams. Collaborate with the Training Implementation team to develop quarterly training programs to support ongoing development. Design and facilitate virtual trainings through a live, online classroom platform. Travel to delivery hubs to facilitate job-specific and soft-skill training, and complete culture assessments. Partner with cross-functional stakeholders and senior leaders to create tailored learning solutions. Track and monitor training through Wayfair’s learning management system to ensure our colleagues are successfully engaging in learning opportunities. Answer questions from users on proper navigation. Manage pop-up training content needs. Work with Learning & Development to ensure skills training is current and identify areas where more focused support is required. Travel <50% of time is anticipated Preferred traits and skills 3-5 years professional experience; experience in training, learning + development, human resources, or organizational design is a plus. Natural-born communicator – you are approachable, confident, and have strong interpersonal skills. You communicate (both verbal and written) details and ideas in a simple and concise manner, making information easy to understand and engaging at all levels. Microsoft Office Expert – you’re always being asked, “How did you do that?” when you’re working in Microsoft Office (PowerPoint, Outlook, Word, and Excel). Senior presence: ability to work side-by-side with senior executives. Detail-oriented and organized – you have an eye for detail and remember to cross your “T’s” and dot your “I’s”. Flexible and quick on your feet – you are comfortable answering questions or finding out the answer yourself. You respond to change in a positive manner. Self-starter and rapid decision-maker – you set goals and go after them passionately. You have no problem making decisions quickly and independently. Execution – you have a strong ability to make a plan come to life with a creative approach, and quickly. Secret design guru – you spend as much time agonizing about the font for your next project as you do working on the project itself. Nice-to-haves Strong facilitation skills Adult Learning Theory knowledge Analytics experience (basic Excel reporting and analysis) Experience with: Adobe Connect Adobe Captivate SQL or other database querying experience Project Management Organizational Development Warehousing/Logistics Operations Professional development and managerial training About Wayfair Inc. Wayfair believes everyone should live in a home they love. Through technology and innovation, Wayfair makes it possible for shoppers to quickly and easily find exactly what they want from a selection of more than 10 million items across home furnishings, décor, home improvement, housewares and more. Committed to delighting its customers every step of the way, Wayfair is reinventing the way people shop for their homes – from product discovery to final delivery. The Wayfair family of sites includes: Wayfair, an online destination for all things home Joss & Main, where beautiful furniture and finds meet irresistible savings AllModern, unbelievable prices on everything modern Birch Lane, a collection of classic furnishings and timeless home décor Perigold, unparalleled access to the finest home décor and furnishings Wayfair generated $4.7 billion in net revenue for the twelve months ended December 31, 2017. Headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts with operations throughout North America and Europe, the company employs more than 7,700 people.