When you’re the best, we’re the best. We instill an environment where employees feel engaged, satisfied and able to contribute their unique skills and talents. We provide extensive opportunities for personal and professional development, building both employee competence and organizational capability to fuel exceptional performance now and in the future. Summary: Oversees day-to-day operations of team, managing a high profile portfolio of contracts and programs. Responsible for providing financial reports, forecasts, and business analysis for area of responsibility and daily management of team resources; ensures team follows the bid process, leads periodic business reviews; conducts complex strategic planning meetings with key suppliers; and routinely monitors supplier compliance to contract terms and conditions. Creates programs that support innovation. Role is responsible for end results; through the daily management of the Portfolio and Programs directly drives increased admin fee revenue for members as part of the overall Contract Services operation. Responsibilities: Staffs team appropriately for work-load and talent requirements; serve as first tier manager for assigned Contracting personnel, e.g., PEs, PAs, Analysts; full HR responsibility, including hiring, firing, performance reviews and ongoing coaching, focusing on talent development. Strategizes with PE team members to develop a new/improved business unit’s value proposition. Review and approve contracting strategies. Develops effective relationships with members, suppliers, and alliances to ensure satisfaction through timely communication and problem resolution. Works independently to develop and manage portfolio of contracts; uses advanced negotiations skills to manage complex contract terms and conditions; drives portfolio strategy in obtaining member input from councils and/or task forces. Specifies market requirements for current and future programs with internal and external audiences. Work with Provista or other assigned clients to support goals and programs around distribution and lead data strategy around distribution information. Qualifications: Bachelor’s in Business, Analytics or other related field is preferred. 5 years minimum experience in healthcare required. Management experience is a plus. Demonstrates the expertise/skill set of a Portfolio Executive/Sourcing Executive. Knowledge of health care supply chain contracting practices or in the health care field.