Be at the center of the cloud revolution with the team that started it all. Azure Compute team is the “kernel” of Microsoft’s Cloud OS. We are focused on providing an efficient system for distributed resource allocation and deployment while maintaining a scalable on-demand application hosting environment. The compute team is looking for a strong Software Development Engineer (level flexible) to work on the next generation of enhancements to our stack to provide extremely reliable and fast on-demand compute instances irrespective of the size and scale of the service (multiple orders of magnitude faster and reliable than today). We are working on architectural and structural improvements across the entire Azure Core stack (Azure Compute, Azure OS, Azure Networking etc). Responsibilities The team in working on a few different areas that will have reduce deployment times to surpass our competition. The approach here is multipronged. It involves algorithmic investments to improve hotspot codes, architectural/protocol investments to improve parallelization or eliminate steps in the workflow and finally smart innovative solutions to pre-process as much of the work as possible to be able to do the remaining in seconds to get VM ready for customers. We are a result oriented team working vertically through the whole stack to deliver high impact. Qualifications To be successful, you will need good technical knowledge, expertise in building and shipping large scale projects, good collaboration skills, ability to wear multiple hats and a strong drive for results. Strong design and development experience Development in C/ C++ and with distributed programming models. Demonstrated problem solving and debugging skills The ability to multi-task while balancing short term and long-term needs is essential. Ability to learn and grasps concepts quickly in a fast-paced environment is critical to success Passion in designing and building very large-scale systems 3+ years of software development experience in a product group Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent is required Experience with online services is a big plus Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.