Job Description Position Description/Overview: Ford Motor Company's Global Data, Insight, and Analytics (GDIA) organization is looking for a data analytic professional who has a deep business understanding. You will have the opportunity to work with some of the most talented and brightest data experts on global subject matters transforming the automobile industry. The role spans the full lifecycle from development of business capabilities using data, defining analytic questions through data gathering, analysis, reporting, and visualization development. This role will include coordination with developers, business and stakeholders. It would involve operational deployment, testing and support iterations. The incumbent must be able to work with business users to understand the business goals and illicit requirements, translate those into technical designs, coordinate with multiple source data owners to provide scalable solutions. It would include user interfaces and end user reporting and analytical reports or possible self-servicing interfaces. This role requires a detail oriented, creative technologist, comfortable working in a highly collaborative, entrepreneurial environment, able to work with a variety of customers, multitask, manage, and prioritize competing customer demands, while incrementally building an integrated reporting and analytics self-service platform end state vision. Responsibilities: Acting as an internal consultant across all of our business units, this position will involve leading and delivering solutions Expertise to manipulate data to form unified data sets for analysis Strong visualization skills (understanding of appropriate visualization techniques based on the data set) Ability to understand how to ingest large data sets from a variety of sources (SQL, Teradata, Oracle, Hadoop, Alteryx, QlikView etc.) Communicate findings to make data analysis actionable and understandable by business partners Analytic capabilities with understanding of: correlation, optimization, clustering, and time series analysis) Ability to take complex problems and break them down to create an implement an action plan Strong understanding of analysis and computational complexity and ability to programmatically solve problems Strong capabilities at designing visual interface for data interaction for different users Job Requirements: Basic Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Economics, or similar STEM field 3+ years of hands-on quantitative modeling skills 3+ years’ experience with SQL, JAVA, SCALA, Hadoop, Python, or Spark/PySpark 2+ years of experience in a consultative role Preferred Qualifications: Masters in Bachelor's in Business, Computer Science, Mathematics, Science, or Statistics 1+ year experience in automotive industry 3+ years of experience working with descriptive analytics Self-starter, high level of initiative, detail-oriented and ability to multi-task Strong collaboration and communications skills Strong problem formulation and problem solving skills Strong interpersonal skills and leadership behaviors Successful candidate must be able to demonstrate leadership behaviors combined with outstanding interpersonal, teambuilding, and communication skills The distance between imagination and … creation. It can be measured in years of innovation, or in moments of brilliance. When you join the Ford team discover all the benefits, rewards and development opportunities you’d expect from a diverse global leader. You’ll become part of a team that is already leading the way, with ingenious solutions and attainable products – and it is always ready to go further. Candidates for positions with Ford Motor Company must be legally authorized to work in the United States on a permanent basis. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship is not available for this position. Ford Motor Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status.