We are New York City's top-performing and fastest-growing charter school network, and we are fundamentally reshaping public education. To ensure long- lasting change and a school model that will prepare current and future generations of children from all backgrounds with the subject mastery and skills to succeed in college and life, we have reconceived every aspect of school design, from elementary to high school. To meet these challenges, Success has launched the Education Institute, to drive the organization-wide training and development strategy for adult learners. The Ed Institute provides a sophisticated digital environment for housing our innovative scholar curriculum, adult e-learning courses, and other training resources — combined with the in-person practice and coaching that is foundational to our approach to adult learning. The Ed Institute will give us the capacity to train thousands of our own educators, as well as to spur innovation and to share our model and best practices with other charter management organizations and districts around the country. To bring this critically important endeavor to scale, Success seeks to hire a Learning Management System Administrator to administer a learning management system (LMS) for our youngest learners: our scholars. The successful candidate will be responsible for instructional technology, vendor management, IT project management, and data management. This individual will work closely with other members of the Ed Institute team and technology professionals to ensure our learning systems are leveraged for success and maintained with an eye to scaling for the future. Reporting to the Director of Learning Technology, the Learning Management System Administrator will be responsible for: Owning all aspects of learner enrollment in the LMS, a critical component of the learning ecosystem, as we build out of a full learning technology stack; Defining and documenting processes; documenting platforms and system standard operating procedures; Coordinating communication plans dealing with policies, procedures, and operational status of the LMS software, with all stakeholders; Serving as a point of escalation for all system issues, administrative aspects, and important processes of the LMS, including managing user groups, user permissions and notifications, and configuration; and Actively participating in industry forums and staying current on new technologies and applications in learning. The Learning Management System Administrator should be someone who… Has 4+ years’ experience in learning management system administration (must include experience as an administrator for Canvas), including course deployment, user support, system and analytical reporting, content management, and technical documentation; Has demonstrated experience with LTI / API integrations; Has demonstrated experience with SCORM and/or xAPI standards; Code basics: must include, at a minimum, HTML and CSS; Possesses a deep understanding of all components, features, and functions of Canvas; Has experience in project management, and meeting multiple deadlines; Communicates clearly and effectively with colleagues, internal customers, and vendors; Actively participates in the process of information exchange; Is results-oriented and concerned with quality; Is an analytical thinker and problem-solver; Exhibits a high level of grit and determination; Is a learner; and Is committed to education reform. To join our team, please upload a cover letter and resume that outlines your candidacy. Your cover letter should explain in detail your qualifications for the position. Resumes without cover letters will not be reviewed. Success Academy Charter Schools is an equal opportunity employer and actively encourages applications from people of all backgrounds. Compensation is competitive and commensurate with experience. Success Academy offers a full benefits program and opportunities for professional growth.