Predictive Analytics - Team Lead - ( Job Number: 180008AX ) JOB PURPOSE: The use of predictive analytics transforms machine (“asset”) condition monitoring from a passive to an active exercise. By employing statistical, data mining and artificial intelligence based techniques to multiple streams of data, asset failure can be prevented. The Analytics Technical Specialist will contribute to this mission by acting as the technical analytics lead for Caterpillar’s condition monitoring application, Equipment Care Advisor. JOB DUTIES: Caterpillar uses quantitative techniques to help improve the efficacy of its digital offerings and ultimately maximize OPACC through enhacements supported by predictive analytics techniques. The principal responsibility of the Analytics Technical Specialist, Equipment Management Tools, will be to drive the creation of a predictive analytics application roadmap that will improve the efficacy and efficiency of the Equipment Care Advisor product. This will involve working with business analysts, data scientists, machine analytics specialists and industry stakeholders to understand how predictive analytics can be successfully applied to prevent asset failure, lower total cost of ownership, reduce the cost and risk in customer support agreements and avoid costly downtime. In addition, the Analytics Technical Specialist may be viewed as a Caterpillar expert in the use of a particular analytics technique, associated digital technology, or in the application of analytics in a particular business domain. The Analytics Technical Specialist is viewed as one of the most experienced technical experts in the organization whose breadth of knowledge in analytic techniques may be called upon to help on a multitude of business problems. Under the direction of their leader, this position will participate on cross-functional project teams and provide overall guidance to the technical direction of Equipment Care Advisor. The Analytics Technical Specialist will: Demonstrate a breadth and depth of knowledge in the application of statistical and/or digital methods to solve business problems Demonstrate competency in explaining the value of analytic techniques to non-technical stakeholders Maintain an ongoing two year product analytic application roadmap Demonstrate thorough knowledge of, or willingness to learn about Caterpillar Inc.; its products and services; its internal systems, processes, and procedures; and its relevant external influences (competitors, laws and regulations, market conditions, etc.) Demonstrate strong initiative to research and apply new methods and digital technologies to exceed customer expectations. Have a strong focus on continual learning in the Analytics field Demonstrate strong customer focus in the application of Analytics techniques and digital technologies to solve business problems Demonstrate significant knowledge in the use of Data Analytics software solutions Significant challenges of this position are working with people; enhancing the team’s creativity; maintaining knowledge of approaches used in similar projects; and pushing the technical bounds of experimentation while meeting customer commitments. The Analytics Technical Specialist will act as the overall analytics technical lead for the Equipment Care Advisor product. The Analytics Technical Specialist will bear primary responsibility for solving the business problem presented through applied analytics. In addition, the Analytics Technical Specialist may be identified as an expert in a particular analytic approach, associated digital technology, or in the application of analytics in a particular business domain. The Analytics Technical Specialist will demonstrate solid statistical and/or digital technology knowledge as well as the ability to solve complex problems. He or she will demonstrate very good communication skills and the ability to explain conclusions to customers with limited knowledge and experience with quantitative analytical methods. Candidates for this position will be expected to have previous experience as the technical lead on application or project teams, and should exhibit strong communication skills, a penchant for innovation, and above average initiative, people development, and interpersonal skills. Basic Requirements: Position requires a four year degree from an accredited college or university. 8 Plus years of experience in analytics or advanced quantitative analytics 1 year of working experience within an industry standard statistics and data visualization packages (e.g., R, Python, SAS, IBM SPSS, Mathmatica, Tableau) Top Candidates Will Also Have: A bachelor’s degree, preferably in statistics, economics, mathematics, or a similar field with quantitative coursework is preferred A Master’s degree or PhD in similar field is preferred Candidates with experience working for software development organizations, particularly in the area of analytics. Familiarity with and hands on experience with scientific programming notebooks (e.g., Jupyter, Beaker, Zeppelin) Must be comfortable working in industry standard statistics and data visualization packages (e.g., R, Python, SAS, IBM SPSS, Mathmatica, Tableau, Familiarity with and hands on experience with scientific programming notebooks (e.g., Jupyter, Beaker, Zeppelin) Caterpillar is not currently hiring individuals for this position who now or in the future require sponsorship for employment visa status; however, as a global company, Caterpillar offers many job opportunities outside of the U.S. which can be found through our employment website at www.caterpillar.com/careers . Relocation assistance is not available for this position. EEO/AA Employer. All qualified individuals – including minorities, females, veterans and individuals with disabilities – are encouraged to apply. Unposting Date \- Aug 15, 2018, 11:59:00 PM Primary Location \- United States-Illinois-Chicago Job \- Information Analytics