There’s a little bit of magic in the air at Gymboree Group. We’re focusing on our future, from evolving our brands to transforming the way we work together. We may be grown-ups, but we’re all about celebrating children and the people who care for them. We love to collaborate to find new ways to make our customers smile. Have great ideas? We want to hear them. Want to try a new approach? Let’s do it. Come join the fun at our home office! What You’ll Do The International Merchandise Coordinator role is an ideal start to a dynamic career path at Gymboree for an ambitious candidate who is eager to help a team drive and develop an International apparel business. This entry level position is in the Wholesale and International Division, which is a key growth initiative for the Gymboree Corporation. It offers the opportunity to work cross functionally across multiple departments, and has potential for exposure to senior management. Responsibilities include: Team player helping in the administration of the International Division Run CAD images for seasonal pass-off to partners & as needed Manage sample organization for International & Wholesale teams Working within a variety of platforms; momentis, amplience, business objects, BOX (cloud based), micro strategy, powerpoint, excel, word. Maintain seasonal shared assets from marketing campaigns and imagery to merchandising and best sellers Miscellaneous team admin: owning all needs for market week set up 4x/year, ordering office supplies, shipping samples, saving and printing CADs, manage various calendars based on expectations by brand. Extensive follow up on deadlines Requirements What You’ll Bring Possess a sense of excitement and curiosity about the wholesale apparel business Have a high level of initiative and ability to self-motivate Excellent communication skills, both written, oral and interpersonal Strong time management and task execution skills Strong analytical skills, including working knowledge of retail math Excellent computer skills needed, including Excel, Power Point, Word, etc. Must be flexible and adaptive to changing priorities Have problem solving skills with a strong focus on details and accuracy The role will also partner with cross-functional counterparts to achieve timelines and deliverables and foster a collaborative, innovative and results-oriented work environment. BA/BBA/BS required Why You’ll Love Working With Us The Product—so good, you’ll be using your employee discount more than you probably should The People—ask anyone that works here…we have incredible people on our team The Experience—you’ll enjoy a rewarding career at a respected global children’s brand The Benefits—health insurance, 401k match, and onsite wellness services for your convenience Let’s Talk Perks! Generous Health Savings Account (HSA) employer contributions for individuals and families Flexible Spending Accounts and commuter benefits Paid holidays and flexible time off 30% off merchandise employee discount (Gymboree & Outlet, Janie and Jack, Crazy 8 & Outlet) Gymboree Play & Music class discounts Educational Assistance Development Program Life insurance (self, spouse/domestic partner, children) Additional corporate discounts at participating companies More About Us Gymboree Group, Inc. is a specialty retailer, operating stores with high- quality clothes and accessories for children. Our family of brands includes Gymboree, Janie and Jack, and Crazy 8. Since our start in 1976, we have grown from offering mom-and-baby classes in the San Francisco Bay Area to currently operating over 900 retail stores in the United States and Canada, along with franchises around the world. We believe that respect for the customer, respect for the brand, and respect for each other are at the core of everything we do. Gymboree Group, Inc. is unable to provide relocation assistance for this position. Principals Only. EOE. No phone calls please.