The Junior Business Analyst will gather, document and manage business requirements, work instructions, process flows and standard operating procedures across all functions. This position will require a project management skill set and the ability to interact with internal and external customers. This includes reviewing and assessing documentation requests, conducting needs analysis, documenting business cases and managing the change management process. Essential Duties/ Responsibilities: Job Responsibilities: Analyse, interpret, and process data for projects and reports, utilizing client and Touchpoint systems. Expertise in Microsoft Office applications, particularly Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook in order to create presentations and reports for both daily and executive-level use. Work with stakeholders to proactively identify qualitative improvements and calculate quantitative benefits of implementing proposed projects Set and manage documentation standards for the program - version control, record retention, naming conventions and templates Work with the business stakeholders to rationalize and prioritize the business requirements Analyze and document the current-state business processes (standard operating procedures, process flows, work instructions) as well as identify and document future business processes including opportunities for process improvements Field and respond to documentation questions from internal and external customers Complete program set up tasks in various systems in project or program launch or update Assist District Manager in new hire process: provide communication and administrative support for recruitment, interviewing, and training Coordinate with IT staff on project application, phone management, data management, and reporting Communicate program updates to project team as appropriate Coordinate logistics with external partners Assist District Manager in creation and maintenance of S.O.P. documents as required in support of projects Maintain documentation of team members’ attendance (time off trackers, schedules, etc.) Contribute to solutions to resolve any arising issues or challenges to success of project Manage logistics for training sessions, internal or external meetings, stakeholder visits, etc. Maintain project files and reports Education/Experience: Bachelor’s degree required 2+ years in a business analyst role a plus 2+ years as a project manager or coordinator a plus Experience in the life sciences a plus Skills & Knowledge Proven experience defining and documenting technical requests, process flows and standard operating procedures Experience project managing multiple, concurrent documentation projects Experience with formal SDLC documentation Knowledge and experience with process re-engineering, analysis and modeling Exceptional interpersonal, presentation and communication skills; able to communicate effectively with both technical and non-technical customers at all levels Knowledge in sales force automation and/or contact center technology Familiarity with different requirements gathering tools and techniques Proficient in the Microsoft Office Suite Abilities: Strong customer service focus, high sense of urgency and quality driven Ability to work collaboratively and cohesively as a member of a team environment, or as a leader of the team Know when to raise red flags and work with project managers and/or executives to raise critical issues that will impact client delivery Be able to ask clear and thoughtful questions to complete assignments that are high-quality and “client-ready” Outgoing personality; self-starter able to work interactively and independently with stakeholders Ability to work on multiple tasks at any one time while maintaining high quality standards Ability to communicate and translate complex concepts and processes into easy to understand and concise terms to customers Willingness to travel to client sites as necessary About Us At Touchpoint, a Publicis Health Company, our vision is to continuously aspire to design, develop, and deliver industry leading healthcare solutions that accelerate patient access to enable the best possible outcomes. Publicis Health and its business units specialize in the sales and promotion of pharmaceutical brands, services, and products through field and inside sales. Our Culture When you join Touchpoint, you have the opportunity to work with and learn from leaders in the health care industry. Our commitment to a team-oriented culture and value-based leadership model provides an environment where our employees can work to their full potential. All opportunities with Publicis Health business units offer competitive compensation including a comprehensive medical benefits package, 401-k benefits, and the opportunity to grow with the nation's leader in healthcare sales. One of our goals is to continuously drive innovation through our people by creating an open, respectful, inclusive and trustworthy work environment. We encourage and support equal employment opportunities for all associates and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, marital status, medical condition as defined by applicable state law, genetic information, disability, military service and veteran status, pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local laws and ordinances. Employment decisions are evaluated on the basis of an individual's skills, knowledge, abilities, job performance and other qualifications. We do not condone or tolerate an atmosphere of intimidation or harassment. Exquisite Execution PHrequency, Publicis Health’s full-service contact center, was awarded J.D. Power certification in January 2018 by providing “An Outstanding Customer Service Experience” as an Outsourcer for the Pharmaceutical live phone channel. J.D. Power’s rigorous assessment process grants certification only to organizations dedicated to the highest level of customer satisfaction. _J.D. Power 2017 Certified Contact Center Program_ _SM_ _recognition is based on successful completion of an audit and exceeding a customer satisfaction benchmark through a survey of recent servicing interactions. For more information, visit www.jdpower.com/ccc._ Follow Us On Social Media! www.touchpointsolutions.com https://www.linkedin.com/company/publicis-touchpoint-solutions/ https://twitter.com/pTouchPoint