Under the direction of the Patient Access Supervisor, the Patient Access Representative is responsible for ensuring seamless patient flow to clinical areas. Provides optimal customer service to patients and visitors to the hospital. Responsibilities Include: Serves as the first point of contact and manages the flow of patients and visitors. Ensures that all patients are received in a timely manner; keeps management apprised of extended patient wait times and contributes to the resolution of service delays. Interviews all patients, family members, and/or patient representatives during the registration process. Collects patient information including, demographic, insurance, emergency contact and physician information. Enters information into the hospital information system and assembles patient chart including patient identification bands and labels. Ensures patient identification band is placed on patient. Confirms patient’s insurance coverage eligibility and plan requirements utilizing the electronic verification system and / or insurance company websites. Communicates with physician offices and ancillary departments as necessary to determine eligibility. Updates hospital information system with appropriate insurance plan codes. Verifies patient’s co-payments and deductible responsibilities and ensures collection. Provides treatment estimates and approximate balances from patients prior to service and documents all interactions into the patients account. Obtains necessary signatures on consent forms, in compliance with state and federal regulations and assists patients in completing required documentation. Provides patients with insurance waivers, Advanced Beneficiary Notice (ABN) and exclusion forms when insurance cannot be verified or services are not covered. Screens all Medicare laboratory exams for medical necessity utilizing the medical necessity software. Coordinates timely bed placement for all inpatient, transfers and outpatient bed requests. Communicates with physicians and nurses regarding bed availability pertaining to emergency and direct admissions, treatment plan and admission criteria. Maintains bed availability list and accepts reservations for rooms. Assigns beds / unit according to the medical needs of the patient, census count and type of accommodations available; collaborates with Nursing Services to facilitate patient placement. Works collaboratively with Bed Officer in tight bed situations. Acts as the liaison with the medical examiner and physicians in cases of deceased patients; assists families of deceased patients as appropriate; arranges with funeral director for timely release of remains; ensures physicians complete death certificates in an accurate and timely manner. Provides patients with information and responds to inquiries regarding available services, visiting hours and hospital regulations, demonstrating sensitivity at all times. Directs patients to correct locations and arranges escort/transport services for patients to appropriate departments as needed. Records and maintains department statistics and logs where necessary, including, but not limited to census reconciliation and cash control logs. Provides coverage for the Emergency Department, Lab Registration, Medical Services Buildings, Information Desk and Croton registration when needed. Completes all educational courses assigned for professional development. Provides guidance, training and support to volunteers assigned to the Information Desk. Follows Hospital guidelines and departmental outline when identifying confidential patients or patients opting out of the Hospital directory. Provides clerical and telephone support, replenishes offices supplies and calls for equipment service repairs. Provides coverage in registration areas. Performs related duties, as required. Qualifications High school diploma or GED required. One (1) year registration or clerical experience in a hospital, physician’s office, ambulatory care service or similar health care setting preferred OR one (1) year customer service. Excellent verbal communication skills required. Bilingual (English / Spanish) preferred. Good organizational skills required. Must be computer literate in Data Entry Processing. Basic knowledge of MS Office Word / Excel preferred. Demonstrated ability to perform simple math calculations; ability to accurately handle cash transactions required. Demonstrated knowledge of medical terminology required; knowledge of ICD-9/10 / CPT codes preferred. Ability to read, write and communicate in English required.