Award winning AustinKayak.com continues to grow and we are looking for a PHP/JavaScript Developer to join our tribe. We are a small and nimble company, everyone does everything and we don't have lots of meetings to pontificate on the next best thing. You will help maintain, build, architect, rebuild, implement a world-class ecommerce site for a fast-growing, leading Outdoor Retailer as well as our warehouse management/optimization system. This isn't for the faint of heart, you must love cutting edge technology, be able to adapt fast and geek out on the latest blogs and newest tricks for the web. You will be actively participating in project planning. You'll be expected to write clean, readable, well-organized and documented code that meets the provided requirements and rapidly solve problems. Projects will include website development, integration with NetSuite, integration with Demandware (SalesForce Commerce Cloud), Warehouse/Order Management software and many others, all custom in-house grown and supported so you get to build and not just implement someone else's code. Why choose us Casual, fast-paced environment Technology-driven approach Great growth opportunity Your Role Extend our current Websites with new functionality Integrate with NetSuite Integrate with Demandware (SalesForce Commerce Cloud) Extend our current Warehouse/Order Management System Stay up on the ever changing technology and help plan for the next big thing Key Skills 2-4 years of LAMP Stack Experience PHP5/7 with MVC framework understanding and experience (Preferably Laravel) Excellent CSS3, HTML5, & jQuery skills Familiar with subversion/source control specifically Git Strong understanding of OO design principles and patterns Good understanding and effective application of Linux command-line Not required but great additional skills: NetSuite Demandware (SalesForce Commerce Cloud) RackSpace Cloud API AWS Unix/Linux Administration Database Administration Successful candidates will have the following: 4 year college degree in Computer Science Master's Degree is a plus Ability to multi-task; juggle multiple projects/assignments Strong communication skills Effective project management skills; ability to meet deadlines Exceptional organizational skills Love for the outdoors is a plus This is a full-time position, we do not wish to hear from recruiters. Austin Canoe and Kayak offers full range of benefits (including: Paid Medical, Dental, Vision, 401k matching, Profit Sharing, Paid Vacation) as well as discounted products and services. As mentioned above, we are seeking over-achievers that want to stand out in the crowd, heads down coding is fine but those that take on projects as their own and complete them with pride will advance fastest and be rewarded most.