_Are you ready to take your career to the next level? Join us at PSCU!_ The Response Center Analyst will monitor all technical equipment attached to the Network and provide first level support to employees, Credit Unions, FDR and other vendors, as well as Internet-enabled web products via the Network System. This position is responsible for communicating with all levels of staff within the company through email, telephone and in-person. Organize, control and maintain all activities within the Network Operations Center. Requires strong interaction with Network, Applications, and User personnel on daily performance issues and problems. Full responsibility of data center security, data recovery, and documenting job procedures. Must be able to work one of the following shifts:: Mon -Friday, 10am-7pm or Tuesday - Saturday, 7am-4pm Responsibilities Include: Ability to interact through excellent verbal and written communication skills with all levels of PSCU employees, members and vendors as required. Ability to utilize personal computer, calculator, telephone, photocopier and other basic office equipment. Ability to install and maintain software and hardware. Ability to work nights and weekends and overtime as required. Knowledge of and ability to use support desktop PC operating systems, and core Microsoft desktop applications such as Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Microsoft Operating systems. Basic understanding of network fundamentals and basic network connectivity configurations. Schedule and maintain all production responsibilities, including processing batch jobs, restore requests for all levels of users, conversion/deconversion requests, platter requests, and FTP/NDM transmissions. Monitor and identify all Network activity utilizing a complex application called SolarWinds that interacts and corresponds with all hardware on the Network, including servers, routers, and switches and specialty equipment. Escalate and communicate with all users, network, and application support personnel re: Network and Database status. Use independent judgment when identifying and resolving major issues, including taking appropriate escalation steps, communicating specifics to the correct party, documenting all tasks that are completed, and reviewing all error logs. Level one support responsibilities include troubleshooting problems, identifying root cause of problems, creating and assigning ticket numbers, etc. Monitor communication links throughout network systems. Assist in troubleshooting the problems with the on-call individual. Maintain production capabilities for all equipment within the NOC. Responsible for keeping secure all computer room equipment. Provide timely ad-hoc support for requests such as NDM or FTP transmissions, conversions or deconversions, file restore requests, and platter requests via the FileNet system. Monitor RISC console for system activities. View all error messages. Resolve error conditions where possible. Identify availability for FTP or NDM transmissions to ensure efficient transfer of secure data. Create, document, and implement computer operation procedures. Requirements: High school diploma or equivalent required. 2 year college degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience in the network technology field strongly preferred. Minimum one (1) year in the Information Technology industry and 3 years general work experience in a business environment with advanced technology required. Minimum 6 months UNIX Operating System experience. Basic knowledge / hands-on training of network servers, software and hardware to include Sun Unix, Unix, Linux, Windows, Novell, AIX preferred. Excellent communication skills Our corporate value statements represent PSCU's commitment to providing the highest quality service to our member-owners. By practicing these values, we continue to meet the challenge of being a leading service provider in the credit union industry. Service Excellence \- Exceeding expectations in every interaction. Passion - Boundless enthusiasm to be THE best. Leadership - Engaging, influencing, and inspiring others to accomplish our mission. Trust - Keeping the promises you make to others, and to yourself. Innovation - T he relentless pursuit of better ways. _PSCU is a drug and smoke free workplace_ To learn more about opportunities and what it's like to work at PSCU follow us on our Facebook Careers page https://www.facebook.com/PSCUCareers