Company At Directly, we believe the fundamental nature of work is changing from fixed to fluid, as AI and the gig economy transform how people and companies work in the next economy. We’re leading this shift with an enterprise platform that changes the way companies deliver customer service. Our platform helps companies like Airbnb, Autodesk, LinkedIn, Microsoft, Pinterest, SAP, and Samsung look beyond the traditional contact center and deliver better answers to customers in the moments that matter. We’re based in San Francisco and backed by top firms including Microsoft Ventures, True Ventures, Costanoa Ventures, and Northgate. www.directly.com Role Are you a skilled, highly motivated software/services engineer who loves to design and build solutions for customers? Do you thrive on customer interactions and seeing customer requirements become a reality? We are looking for a high performing, experienced professional services engineer able to design, build and deliver solutions that enable Directly’s leading edge AI support solution to deliver full value to its customers. Core Responsibilities Primary role is design, development and deployment of solutions enabling customers to achieve the highest value from Directly’s Crowd-Powered AI solution. Interact with the technical and developer contacts with our customers bringing technical requirements and feedback to the product and engineering teams. Establish and follow fundamental processes and development tools to ensure high quality and scalable services infrastructure. Requirements 4-6 years professional services engineering experience including significant customer facing roles requiring consultative skills, project management and development 3+ years coding experience integrating with technologies like REST API’s, SDKs, HTML/CSS/Javascript Experience with cloud infrastructure (AWS, Azure, etc.) Experience with scrum/agile processes and scalable development and implementation processes preferred Experience with CRM, integrations with CRM's, contact center technology required 4 year Computer Science BS degree Advanced degree a plus Directly is an equal opportunity employer. We believe in diversity and inclusion as a strength.