Job Description JOB PURPOSE: The Infrastructure Architect is responsible for the overall architecture and strategic planning of Skechers' global information systems, including core infrastructure and public cloud technologies. They are also responsible for integrating multiple platforms and applications across the enterprise to provide reliability, availability and serviceability to engineering teams in variety of technical disciplines. The Infrastructure Architect seeks to continuously improve agility, reliability, and performance of in-place and future-state technologies in support of business goals, by designing-in automation, planning for growth, incorporating industry best practices, and collaborating with colleagues within the IT department and other business groups. They must also maintain a thorough understanding of business strategies, as well as emerging technology solutions, and advise direction for meeting current and future business requirements and facilitating growth. Additionally, the Infrastructure Architect is expected to maintain a high level of customer service when interacting with clients and other IT department team members, as well as share information and provide support to engineering teams to drive IT and Infrastructure department mission statements and meet Skechers' business goals. ESSENTIAL JOB RESULTS: Provide expertise on decisions regarding Skechers' systems architecture and design, including integration of applications, operating systems, WAN and LAN networking, server and storage technologies, disaster recovery, and public cloud strategy. Review and advise on current and future designs standards for systems builds; provide input on risk, scalability, operational/cost efficiency, and impact on the enterprise business process and goals. Ensure the success of enterprise-level deployments in terms of performance, scalability, availability, security, and disaster recovery. Research, identify, and test technology products; perform proof of concepts of new technologies to determine if they are a good fit for the company and introduce new technology where needed. Advise and maintain Skechers' strategic enterprise technology plan; develop and refine architectural governance, standards, and policy within the IT department. Provide leadership, technology guidance, and mentorship within the IT organization. Participate in the training and support of engineering and operations groups to assist in the timely resolution of incidents and requests. Support Skechers' vision of growth while maintaining stability and data availability across the global enterprise. ADDITIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES: Occasional travel to branch offices to implement or support remote systems. Consult with vendors and salespeople to evaluate new products and technologies. Other duties as assigned. SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES: None