Purpose: The Technical Operations is responsible for organizing the day to day orders for the Burbank Engineering group including pulling, counting, and recording onto R2 orders and shipments. The role is also responsible for counting and recording returns onto R2 and checking for any equipment loss and damages. Essential Duties/Responsibilities: Responsible for the day to day order process, ensuring inbound and outbound orders get processed in a timely manner. Works with Engineering and Sales Coordination to make sure all equipment is ready for client pickups, preps and/or shipping times. Makes shipping arrangements for orders leaving the building. Creates accurate R2 documentation for all the equipment leaving the building for an order. Gets an accurate count in R2 of all the equipment returning to the building from an order. Works with Engineering on client in house preps. Performs quality control checks of equipment from inbound shelves i.e. tripods, lighting, monitors, etc. Assists with documentation of missing and damaged equipment. Helps locate equipment in the building when it has been lost or misplaced. Provides tech support to clients when needed Provides onsite support to Engineering team as needed. Other duties as assigned. Position Requirements: High School diploma or equivalent required. Ability to solve complex problems. Strong and effective communication skills. Willingness to take on new challenges and problems and follow through until solved. Proficiency in Microsoft Office (Word, Outlook, Excel). Self-motivated and resourceful. Knowledge of UBS R2 software a plus. Physical Demands/Work Environment Considerations: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this position. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the functions. While performing the duties of this position, the team member will continuously (100%-75%) be required to walk, push, pull, lift, communicate and exchange information with others and conduct repetitive motions of the wrist, hands and fingers. The team member will frequently (74%-50%) be required to stoop, kneel, crouch, stand, grasp and exhibit fine motor skills with fingers rather than the whole hand. Occasionally (49%-25%). the team member will be required to climb, balance, and feel. The worker is required to have visual acuity to operate motor vehicles and/or heavy equipment. The team member will occasionally (49%-25%) be subject to environmental conditions that occur both inside and outside with little to no protection from environmental conditions or weather, extreme hot and cold temperatures, and hazards such as moving mechanical parts, moving vehicles, and exposure to high heat and chemicals. Additionally, the team member will be required to lift less than or equal to at least 100 lbs. of force occasionally (49%-25%), less than or equal to 50 lbs. of force frequently (74%-50%), and less than or equal to at least 20 lbs. of force constantly (100%-75%) to move objects. Note: The job description in no way states or implies that these are the only duties to be performed by the employee(s) incumbent in this position. Employees will be required to follow any other job-related instructions and to perform any other job-related duties requested by any person authorized to give instructions or assignments. All duties and responsibilities are essential functions and requirements and are subject to possible modification to reasonably accommodate individual with disabilities. To perform this job successfully, the incumbents will possess the skills aptitudes, and abilities to perform each duty proficiently. Some requirements may exclude individuals who pose a direct threat or significant risk to the health or safety of themselves or others. The requirements listed in this document are the minimum levels of knowledge, skills, or abilities. This document does not create an employment contract, implied or otherwise, other than an “at will” relationship.