The University of Washington (UW) is proud to be one of the nation’s premier educational and research institutions. Our people are the most important asset in our pursuit of achieving excellence in education, research, and community service. Our staff not only enjoys outstanding benefits and professional growth opportunities, but also an environment noted for diversity, community involvement, intellectual excitement, artistic pursuits, and natural beauty. All of which has allowed the UW to be nationally recognized as a “Great College to Work For” for four consecutive years. UW Continuum College (UWC²) expands the reach of the University of Washington with programs like UW Professional & Continuing Education, International & English Language Programs, Summer Youth and the Osher Lifelong Learning Institute at the UW that meet the needs of various learners at all phases of their lives. We’re focused on removing obstacles to relevant educational opportunities by addressing geographic, financial, length of commitment, and time constraints, increasing access to knowledge for more people. By looking ahead and experimenting with new approaches, we’re creating new educational opportunities to help people thrive in a world of change. UWC² has an outstanding opportunity for a Program Administrator within their Academic Programs Operations team. The Program Administrator (PA) maintains, implements and delivers a diverse portfolio of high-quality degree, certificate, and specialized programs delivered in a variety of formats. The PA makes key decisions and is responsible for the day- to-day operation of their programs. The PA must be knowledgeable of a wide range of UWC² and UW policies and procedures governing programs, instructors, and students. This position must work effectively across operational teams within UWC², with academic and other support units at the University, instructors, and students. In addition, the PA is responsible for many key processes and complex tasks that are central to the success of these self-sustaining programs. The PA works as part of a team to productively engage and collaborate with leading professionals, campus partners, professional associations and UWC² marketing to raise awareness and ensure we meet the needs of the adult learning community we are serving. RESPONSIBILITIES: COURSE AND INSTRUCTOR MANAGEMENT Responsible for course data management, which drives numerous processes to ensure positive student experiences. Facilitate efficient room, equipment, and technology needs and assignments. Prepare the instructional team for their courses, by setting up contracts, providing information on system access, processes, procedures, course expectations and responsibilities. PROGRAM LIAISON AND COMMUNICATION Establish and maintain strong communication channels with all stakeholder groups, campus partners and internal support teams to proactively plan and resolve operational issues. Contribute to and provide quality control for website content. FACILITATIVE PROGRAM LEADERSHIP Enhance program through leadership skills, spearheading change and seeking opportunities to update and improve operational processes and procedures associated with programs and courses. COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT AND PROGRAM PROMOTION Contribute to marketing and recruiting efforts through event planning, advisory boards, information sessions, and other community outreach activities. FISCAL ADMINISTRATION May perform some budget preparation and program set up in the primary database in conjunction with Fiscal Services. UWC² team members bring their talents to a successful, respected and financially self-sustaining continuing education environment that values collaborative decision-making, innovative solutions and environmentally sound green practices. We are passionate about improving the educational experiences of our students and creating lasting partnerships with campus and our community. REQUIREMENTS: Bachelor’s Degree in Sciences, Humanities, Business Administration or related field AND at least two years of increasingly responsible administrative experience. Strong working knowledge of the Microsoft Office Suite and intermediate proficiency in the use of Internet technologies and database systems. Skills and experience in writing, content creation, editing, and proofing. Excellent oral and interpersonal communication skills. The ability to work in a professional manner both as a self-starter and as a team member. _Equivalent education/experience will substitute for all minimum qualifications except when there are legal requirements, such as a license/certification/registration._ DESIRED EXPERIENCE Demonstrated effectiveness in managing multiple priorities and programs within a highly complex and fast-paced organization. Familiarity with administrative policies and procedures in a university environment, or specifically the University of Washington. Working knowledge of basic accounting and budgeting principles. A record of cultivating a strong team environment for achieving the goals of the organization within a customer service environment. As a UW employee, you will enjoy generous benefits and work/life programs. For detailed information on Benefits for this position, click here.