Job Details Description Leadership and Coaching: Provide a consistent level of coaching and support to all personnel, including providing written and oral performance feedback and ensure all merit increase recommendations are submitted at least 30 days before they are due. Productivity Standards: Ensure the established productivity standards are met for each of the technologists under their supervision. Requisitions: Ensure all Technologists fill out their daily logs in chronological order and send their requisitions to Horsham on a daily basis. Provide a consistent level of support by shooting X-rays whenever necessary to maintain and improve service levels. Maintain the staffing level that meets the budgeted headcount based on patient count budget volume. Manage Salary / Wage (Overtime) not to exceed budgeted percentage. Schedule technical as well as ancillary staff using the DDF format to ensure proper customer service levels are consistently met. Conduct quarterly image reviews on fifteen (15) or more exams to ensure that the highest quality exams are being performed. Graded feedback is provided to the technologists with notes for improvement. Conduct Bi-monthly team meetings or more often as needed. Perform weekly review and approval of on-line timesheets. Address and resolve customer service concerns with follow up summary to DDO. Visit top ten accounts no less than every 6 weeks with Account Rep or alone. Fleet Management: Schedule vehicle / equipment for proper maintenance to ensure consistent reliability. Rotate vehicles amongst staff as necessary to maximize life span. Review monthly the vehicle checklist Schedule and coordinate state inspection of X-ray equipment. Monitor and maintain records of active technologist licensure. Cross train technical staff in all applicable modalities. Distribute, retain records of, and ensure compliance of staff with new and ongoing policies and procedures. Conduct new employee interviews. Monitor turn around times on a consistent basis and make any necessary adjustments for improvement. Monitor and retain records of dosimetry reports as well as post for all to view. Maintain Mobilex equipment in accordance with company policy and ensure that office spaces are kept clean. Driving / Safety – monitor WC/Auto incidents and discuss with staff any How’s My Driving reports. _Leadership Management_ : Train and evaluate employees on their work performance, develop quarterly goals and monitor tasks and responsibilities. Address work issues and makes recommendations for personnel actions as needed. Lead staff meetings; discuss processes, answer questions, provide training and support to staff. Interview all candidates for vacant positions. Develop and maintain a positive work environment by recognizing the positive contributions of the employees and by sharing information in an open and timely manner. _EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:_ X-ray and/or Ultrasound experience preferred. Bachelor’s degree preferred. High school diploma required. General financial acumen is required. Must have experience with profit and loss statements as well as other financial metrics used in measuring the health of the business. Minimum three years’ management experience in a healthcare environment. _KNOWLEDGE/SKILLS/ABILITIES:_ Strong leadership, organizational and communication skills. Must have strong analytical, problem solving, and people development skills. Ability to read and interpret documents such as safety rules, operating and maintenance instructions, and procedure manuals. Ability to write routine reports and correspondence. Ability to speak effectively before groups of customers or employees of organization. Strong time management skills and the ability to multitask and prioritize workloads. Working knowledge of Database functions; MS Excel Spreadsheet software and MS Word Processing software. _PHYSICAL DEMANDS:_ The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Frequently required to stand, walk, sit and reach with hands and arms. Occasionally required to lift and/or move up to 50 pounds. _WORK ENVIRONMENT:_ The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is occasionally exposed to risk of radiation. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate. _OTHER:_ Other duties as assigned by superior and senior management. Knowledge of area geography and travel routes. Must be organized, have the ability to communicate effectively and work in stressful situations. Must maintain confidentiality with company information and understand what situations are applicable to share company information. Must be able to create, review and analyze spreadsheets, and PowerPoint documents.X-Ray and/or Ultrasound experience preferred Qualifications Skills Preferred Time Management _Intermediate_ Communication Skills _Intermediate_ Managerial Experience _Intermediate_ Leadership _Intermediate_