Job Title: Industrial Engineer - Data Operations Intern Reports To: Manager, Data Operations Department: Data Operations FLSA Status: Non-exempt Hours: Fall 2018. Preference is a 12-week term, with flexibility for return to school schedules. Hours may be flexible. Summary: Internship within the Data Operations department collaborating closely with the Data & Evidence Management team, IT, Data Processing, Finance, and Development Departments. Intern must possess a demonstrated interest in industrial engineering, and be enrolled in a higher education program. Â The overall intent of the internship is to provide an opportunity to gain hands on experience through the application of skills and knowledge to the various components of continuous improvement projects, while simultaneously working to aid D4 make improvements in the focus areas of inventory management, on-time delivery and overall processes, procedures, and training guidelines. Essential Duties and Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned. Inventory Management: Track, log, and catalog Media/data electronically via D4's work order management system and physically via evidence vaults. Review and analyze current data/evidence management handling and inventory methods. Develop options for improving chain-of-custody and overall data/media inventory management considering best practices. Build engineering plan and business case and present for acceptance. Execute business case. Business case to include options for software, physical & virtual inventory storage, integration with current ERP related systems. Establish and document consistent inventory handling process including streamlining of tasks. Implement system and train technicians. On-time Delivery: Evaluate and document current state several workflows. Coordinate with members of Data Operations to determine root causes of delays, rework, microstops, downtime etc. and build out analysis of potential corrective actions/solutions. Create and present business case to improve on-time delivery including workflow documentation, training materials, process controls, actionable measures, and definition of success. Execute business case and validate implemented improvements. Process Evaluations: Learn and utilize lean, value stream mapping tools, and six sigma tools to document Data Operations processes. Write and publish procedures to guide operational processes including standard work, audits, and evaluations. Establish training guidelines and methods to inform current and future staff in Data Operations processes. Minimum Education & Experience Requirements for Internship: Candidates must be enrolled in a 4 year college or post-high school education program. This program is suitable for candidates currently enrolled in a undergraduate program. The field of study must be in industrial or related engineering field, with extensive computer-based or technical content. Knowledge, Skills & Abilities Requirements: A great attitude and interest in learning. Possess strong problem solving and analytical skills. Ability to exercise good judgment. Ability to effectively communicate verbally and in writing, and respond to questions from management, clients/customers, vendors and the general public. Ability to interpret a variety of instructions furnished in written, oral, diagram, or schedule form. Ability to focus on client needs with a commitment to quality and customer service. Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships within a team environment. Exposure and general understanding of major Operating Systems such as Windows, MAC, iOS, Android and Linux. Working knowledge of Microsoft Office products, including Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook.