The Challenge: Our team is responsible for the cutting-edge innovation that drives billions of dollars of revenue for Adobe and the Experience Cloud. We’re seeking candidates that can help guide our innovation as we move our solutions on to native cloud services and integrate on top of a common data platform. You will be key to helping us design, build and run high traffic, mission critical services that drive business for the world’s top brands. For this role we are looking for people who self-starters who drives for results and outcomes. You must be respected as a thought leader, able to influence, persuade and direct sound technical and architectural choices across many teams. You will need to demonstrate executive presence, represent technical direction and architectures to C-level executives and do more than talk – you will build and own critical parts of the services and deliver to production. What you’ll do Thought leadership, create vision, solve our most complex and pressing technical challenges. Present new ideas, decisions, designs, etc. to C-level exec leaders. Inspire and encourage our solution teams. Form and lead a virtual team of architects with those embedded in solutions. Reviewing and providing feedback on features, technology, architecture, designs, time & budget estimates, and test strategies Managing projects risks & creative problem solving Developing and evolving engineering and business processes to optimize team efficiency Partner with other teams across Adobe for achieving common goals What you need to succeed: Well versed with distributed computing principles and proven experience building high scale cloud platforms and services Experience living devOps and CI/CD practice on large scale cloud service Hands on working knowledge of open source technologies including Spark, Hadoop Stack, Kafka In depth experience with No-SQL as well as RDBMS Well versed in writing optimized code Strong verbal and written communication skills 12+ years of hands on development experience Strong persuasion and influence skills 3+ years as a software engineering manager with a proven track record in meeting commitments Bachelors in Computer Science or equivalent work experience At Adobe, you will be immersed in an exceptional work environment that is recognized throughout the world on Best Companies lists . You will also be surrounded by colleagues who are committed to helping each other grow through our unique Check-In approach where ongoing feedback flows freely. If you’re looking to make an impact, Adobe's the place for you. Discover what our employees are saying about their career experiences on the Adobe Life blog and explore the meaningful benefits we offer. Adobe is an equal opportunity employer. We welcome and encourage diversity in the workplace regardless of race, gender, religion, age , sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status.