Experience implementing and managing the implementation of software applications through the entire application and/or software development life cycle. Experience with workflow tools and business process management. Experience managing core systems and the processes, and data that support them. Experience with Data classification, and Architecture. Knowledge of SQL Server, .NET technologies and SQL Server Reporting Services. Broad knowledge of data processing systems, concepts and methodologies. In-depth knowledge of job streams and application processing. Proficiency with Microsoft Office software Proficient in the use of project management methodologies. Technical Skills SNo Primary Skill Proficiency Level Rqrd./Dsrd. 1 Spring MVC PL3 Required 2 Spring Core PL3 Required 3 REST Web Services PL3 Required 4 Flex PL2 Required 5 ANSI SQL PL3 Required 6 XML PL3 Required 7 Web Services PL3 Required 8 Java Design Patterns PL3 Required 9 JDBC PL3 Required 10 Core Java PL3 Required 11 Java Message Service PL2 Required 12 Ajax PL3 Required 13 Java Server Faces PL3 Required 14 servlets PL3 Required 15 Struts PL3 Required 16 Java Server Pages PL3 Required Proficiency Legends Proficiency Level Generic Reference PL1 The associate has basic awareness and comprehension of the skill and is in the process of acquiring this skill through various channels. PL2 The associate possesses working knowledge of the skill, and can actively and independently apply this skill in engagements and projects. PL3 The associate has comprehensive, in-depth and specialized knowledge of the skill. She / he has extensively demonstrated successful application of the skill in engagements or projects. PL4 The associate can function as a subject matter expert for this skill. The associate is capable of analyzing, evaluating and synthesizing solutions using the skill. Job Location : Deerfield, Illinois, United States Employee Status : Full Time Employee Shift : Day Job Travel : No Job Posting : Aug 08 2018 Cognizant US Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran. If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions in the US, please send an email with your request to CareersNA2@cognizant.com About Cognizant Cognizant is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant, a member of the NASDAQ-100, is ranked 195 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us on Twitter: USJobsCognizant. Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.