Chicago,Illinois,United States BEH6P4 The Boeing Company is currently seeking a Data Analytics and Visualization Specialist to join the Boeing Global Engagement (BGE) group in Chicago, IL. Boeing Global Engagement (BGE) aims to bring greater value to Boeing, its employees and stakeholders through a renewed approach to global community investments and employee engagement activities. Boeing Global Engagement’s (BGE) Strategy team currently solves complex business problems to help direct resources to societal challenges affecting our world and this role will use quantitative data to provide trends, analysis, and recommendations on where our resources can make a difference. BGE is looking for a multi-disciplinary, cross-functional innovator, problem solver and collaborator to join the Strategy team. The successful candidate is not only passionate about corporate social responsibility but is also excited about numbers and data, thus helping BGE to adopt new perspectives to translate our company’s philanthropy through data science and analytics. This work statement will use historical data to report our charitable giving, seek opportunities for predictive analysis, shape employee community engagement strategies, and seek ways to achieve operational excellence. This role will also partner with our State & Local Government Relations team to quantify the impact that our charitable giving has on local communities. Additionally, this role will analyze and present large amounts of information in a variety of ways that are universally understandable or easy to interpret employing data visualization, building dashboards, and using software tools - such as Excel, Pivot Tables, Tableau, and PowerPoint - to articulate a comprehensive story representing Boeing’s reach from the local level to a global scale and will often be expected to present dashboards, data, and recommendations to senior leadership up to the Vice President level. The successful candidate will have strong solutions orientation, good communications skills, be a self-starter, yet still have a collaborative work style, and have the ability to translate their discipline and passion into persuasive language and visualization. Requires intellectual curiosity, superior attention to detail, excellent analytical skills, great organizational skills, and strong communication and presentation skills. The successful candidate will be flexible and possess the ability to juggle and complete complex tasks independently against competing priorities, think and plan ahead, and react with appropriate urgency to situations that require a quick turnaround. Strong people skills are required to succeed in this position. A high level of integrity and discretion in handling confidential information and professionalism in dealing with senior leaders is important. Primary responsibilities: Business Intelligence - The successful candidate will partner in the design of Business Intelligence information models, dashboards, metrics and reports utilizing standard technologies and methodologies that meet business objectives and solutions. Programming \- Combine programming, SQL skills, best practices and business expertise to deliver efficient and scalable Business Intelligence solutions to improve business productivity and business outcomes. Data Visualization Solutions \- Performs analysis to identify and understand an issue or event. Investigates evident issues through drill-down exploration and descriptive statistics. Transform raw data into meaningful charts and decision ready information. Executive and Stakeholder Presentations \- Synthesize findings/outcomes of employee community engagement in a business context to report out and prepare executive presentations to stakeholders across multiple functions. Strategic Program Evaluation \- Evaluate the impact of and advise on enhancements to grant making and employee community engagement programs, and enterprise partnerships. Develop plans and strategies to drive operational efficiencies and increase visibility of existing platforms. Tool Utilization – Strong skillset using all of the following tools: Excel, Pivot Tables, Dashboards, Tableau, and Data Visualization. Benchmarking Analysis – Evaluate and benchmark peer companies and industry leaders and identify trends. Survey Facilitation \- Create and facilitate surveys, focus groups and gather individual employee feedback. Project management/coordination \- Project scheduling, tracking, support and execution of projects. Knowledge Sharing and Transfer – Seeks opportunity to collaborate and teach the team about data analytics. Collaboration - Manage internal and external relationships and lead collaborative efforts with key stakeholders Boeing is the world's largest aerospace company and leading manufacturer of commercial airplanes and defense, space and security systems. We are engineers and technicians. Skilled scientists and thinkers. Bold innovators and dreamers. Join us, and you can build something better for yourself, for our customers and for the world. This position must meet Export Control compliance requirements, therefore a “US Person” as defined by 22 C.F.R.§120.15 is required. “US Person” includes US Citizen, lawful permanent resident, refugee, or asylee Basic Qualifications (Required) Minimum 3 year experience of designing Business Intelligence information models, dashboards, metrics and reports utilizing standard technologies and methodologies that meet business objectives. Minimum 1 year experience in Analysis Algorithms is required. Coding experience required (SQL, HTML/XML, or JAVA) Bachelor’s degree in a computer, engineering or quantitative discipline (e.g., statistics, operations research, bioinformatics, economics, computational biology, computer science, mathematics, physics, electrical engineering, industrial engineering). DBMS experience required (Oracle, Teradata or SQL Server) Desired Qualifications/Experience 3 plus years’ experience in reports design and creation 3 plus years’ experience in Data Analysis 3 plus years’ experience in Data Mining Excellent oral and written communication skills Previous experience with reporting tools and metrics (Cognos, Tableau or R) Experience with Toad Data Point or Meta Manager Attention to detail and the ability to learn quickly Communication experience, both written and verbal, with a comfort in presenting to senior leaders and frequent interactions with executive-level management Experience in community service / community engagement, corporate philanthropy, and/or public affairs Typical Education/Experience Technical bachelor's degree and typically 9 or more years' related work experience or a Master's degree with typically 7 or more years' or a PhD degree with typically 4 or more years' related work experience or an equivalent combination of education and experience A technical degree is defined as any four year degree, or greater, in a mathematics, scientific or information technology field of study Yes, 10 % of the Time Government Operations Individual Contributor No No Standard United States; The Boeing Company