Remote Hortonworks/Big Data Developer- Big Data Engineer Required: 2 years of experience Minimum Must have an Active Secret Clearance Length of employment 3 years Start date of Dec. 1, 20018 Location Remote- but must be in one of the three metropolitan areas. Philadelphia, PA or Alexandria, Va. (Washington DC) or San Antonio, TX Minimum Must have an Active Secret Clearance This position is to support our Proposal effort on this project with It takes top-notch people with in-depth experience at solving even the toughest problems. It takes a company where every individual is committed to being the best at what they do. And, it takes a streamlined organization that can react quickly to changing requirements. Perhaps that is why a growing number of high-profile government and commercial clients have found that the talent, experience, and true cost efficiency USIT offers makes us the smart choice. U.S. Information Technologies Corporation (USIT) is a leading US Government Contractor information technology solutions. Our national workforce, brings extensive credentials to projects.. USIT helps clients solve challenging IT problems by leveraging industry best practices and our in-depth technology expertise. We have a simple win-win-win philosophy. USIT offers its employees industry- leading training, benefits, and compensation plans, because we only want to attract and retain the best. You can't hire the best unless you treat them better than anyone else will. Our consultants win because that's what we do. USIT is looking for a Hortonworks/Big Data Developer to lead our team in support of our DLA customer. Must have experience as a Hadoop Big Data Engineer Experience with Hadoop-based technologies (Cloudera or Hortonworks) Experience with DevOps process using GIT, Maven and job scheduling using the Control-M or Ozzie Ability to design HIVE data models using Data modeling tools (ERWin, Visio) Builds prototypes, and data models using Python, Spark, or Scala Architects and design data ingestion from SAP HANA, Oracle and Flat Files into Hadoop Data Lake Develops architecture standards, best practices, design patterns Works with Testing team to analyze and fix the defects Experience integrating Big Data solutions with SAP technologies Required: 2 years experience Hadoop Scala Spark Hortonworks Agile cert from IC Agile, PMI, or Scrum Alliance Active Clearance able to obtain IT-II from client Pay Rate $60 to $70 per hour 1099 Contactor -May be flexible depending on experience FTE (Full-Time Employee) with Benefits $60,000 to $70,000 - Maybe flexible depending on experience USIT is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. The statements herein are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees and are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. Furthermore, they do not establish a contract for employment and are subject to change at the discretion of USIT U.S. Technologies