Grow As a Developer by Building Things That Matter At Groupon, we're using global technology teams to bring back the excitement of local retails. Groupon is all about local experiences: local restaurants; local nightlife; local shopping. We spend our days developing tools, platforms and experiences that help small businesses thrive in their local communities. We might look like an ordinary ecommerce app, but under the surface we’re using cutting edge technology to build products that regularly positively impact the lives of over 50 million people and hundreds of thousands of small business owners. The Dynamic Pricing team drives one of Groupon's most important goals - competitive pricing. We connect our data science teams, our customers, and our business users to ensure that the deals you see on Groupon have unbeatable pricing. We build services to power many millions of page views per minute, and hundreds of thousands of price changes each day. We also build applications and features that allow our internal users to manage pricing and setup special sales or campaigns. If you have ambition and drive and want to own your own road map in a company that knows how to scale, we want to talk to you. We're looking for great technology developers to hack on a variety of products aimed at making customers’ and small business’ lives easier and happier. We work in small, self-managing, collaborative and agile teams, and team with product designers to implement stuff quickly. Key Responsibilities Work directly with the product manager and other engineers to build features that improve the effectiveness of our pricing Be able to work mostly independently, actively seek feedback from users and product managers Take ownership of an application’s features end-to-end. Be able to drive feature design, automated tests, code refactoring, all the way through delivery. Be strong advocate of best design practices Participate in a highly-collaborative engineering team; we are passionate about sharing ideas to constantly improve our work culture and the products we build. Requirements BS or MS in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent experience of 4+ years in professional software development. Experience with both front-end and backend development platforms Javascript experience - especially using Ember or Node is highly preferred. Experience with Java or Scala is a plus Experience with relational database systems such as Mysql and Postgres. You're willing and excited to learn new technologies, including Java, Clojure, Scala, Ember.js Nice to have: experience working with Hadoop/Hive Must be able to work in an open environment at our Chicago Office.