The Company Johnson & Johnson (J&J) is the world’s most comprehensive manufacturer of health care products and a provider of related services for the consumer, pharmaceutical, and professional markets. J&J employs approximately 126,400 people worldwide, deployed across more than 230 operating companies. Our products serve a broad segment of medical needs ranging from baby care, first aid and hospital products to prescription pharmaceuticals, diagnostics, and products relating to family planning, dermatology, and feminine hygiene. Johnson & Johnson and its subsidiaries have built the most extensive base of health care businesses in the world, generating more than 70 percent of company revenues from No. 1 or No. 2 global leadership positions in their respective markets. Johnson & Johnson is not only the leading health and well-care company in the world, touching over a billion people daily, but also ranks among the ten most diverse and empathetic companies worldwide. While the people, brand, expertise, manufacturing know-how, and extensive ecosystem relationships are all second-to-none, the company’s ambitious mission…to humanize health and wellness care, to help people live better, longer, happier lives, to democratize access to care, and to drive dramatically lower costs…will require bold and innovative applications of technology. The Team The Global Health Technology team ("Health Tech") is a new group created and based in the San Francisco Bay Area to drive strategic adoption of technology across the J&J Enterprise. The team is comprised primarily of experienced operating leaders from successful technology companies. The team partners with commercial and R&D leaders to identify opportunities to use technology to innovatively address health and wellness challenges at global scale, develops strategic and operational plans around those opportunities and executes the applicable product, program, partnership, investment and acquisition needs. Health Tech is comprised of 3 main sub-teams: Strategy & Business Operations, Partnerships & Corporate Development, and Product. The Role As a Data Scientist, you will be part of a team responsible for delivering data-driven, actionable insights that complement and support product, engineering, and marketing across these areas: business unit strategy, business planning and sales operations, and business systems tools and development. The ideal candidate has a passion for solving challenging problems through a deep understanding of consumer behaviors with applied analytics techniques and business insights. You should have robust knowledge of consumer lifecycle and behavior analysis, customer segmentation, digital campaigns and business operations. Responsibilities Apply your expertise in quantitative analysis, data visualization and data-mining to tell the story behind numbers and derive actionable insights Craft simple, dependable data pipelines and automated reporting to surface metrics Explore data to find actionable insights and make product recommendations through funnels, cohort analysis, long-term trends, user segmentation, regressions models and more Think and work independently, demonstrate creativity and deliver quick results, yet demonstrate a team-player attitude Instrumentation of propensity modeling: query and process big data, integrate volumes of data from multiple internal and external sources Leverage models to address key growth challenges Conceptualize, design and build data-fueled insights to improve analytics for internal and external customers Work closely with other team members and business partners to further develop metrics, KPIs, and insights that provide performance improvement Setting up, analyzing, and promoting good practices for multivariate experiments Synthesizing and communicating insights during the product development process Empowering and guiding others to work effectively and efficiently with data are part of your role Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in Math, Physics, Statistics, Economics, Computer Science, or other quantitative fields 3+ years of experience doing quantitative analysis for a technology company Proven ability to take complex business analyses and projects from concept to completion and make the results accessible and relevant to business users at all levels. Intellectual and analytical curiosity – initiative to dig into the “why” of various results. Fluency in SQL, as well as a deep understanding of statistical analysis, experimental design and common pitfalls of data analysis Prior experience in data analytics and statistical programming with experience in using statistical tools such as R, SAS, SPSS etc. Experience with data visualization tools such as Tableau, Micro Strategy etc. Experience leading data-driven projects from definition through interpretation and execution Primary Location United States-California-San Francisco Organization Johnson & Johnson (6067) Job Function Info Technology Requisition ID 6282180316