One of PSB’s newest verticals, our focus on Behavioral Analytics goes beyond our historical focus on survey research to the nexus of attitudinal and behavioral data. PSB’s history as a firm that goes beyond analysis to communications and marketing strategy makes us and this team in particular a uniquely well-positioned partner for organizations looking to understand the business opportunities behind the data they possess. Key Responsibilities We are currently seeking a Project Manager to join our growing and dynamic Behavioral Analytics team in Seattle. While day-to-day responsibilities will shift based on client needs, in general, the Project Manager will: Work closely with a Vice President and our broader team of research and analysis specialists to design, implement, and manage all phases of behavioral analytics projects. Provide project direction, design and analysis, including client-facing communication and management of Analyst staff as necessary. Develop a deep understanding of specific technology client business issues and conduct rigorous analysis to drive strategy and business planning, primarily for clients in the technology sector. Manage internal and external resources effectively, including partnering with external vendors and/or internal operations teams to ensure project deadlines are met and client expectations are exceeded. Analyze multiple streams of data and create initial sets of hypotheses, including the development of slide decks, presentations, memos or infographics. Qualifications Candidates will bring an undergraduate degree in a business, marketing or social science field. In addition, we are seeking a minimum of 3 years’ work experience in project management or management consulting, ideally in the technology sector. Our ideal candidate will bring: A strategic mindset, proven independent project management capabilities, demonstrated initiative, and the ability to anticipate client or firm needs; An interest in translating numbers into actionable recommendations for clients and colleagues; Gold-standard communication and presentation skills, including the ability to craft compelling PowerPoint visuals to tell a story; Unmatched attention to detail, commitment to quality, and superior analytical capabilities; Working knowledge of and interest in the technology sector Familiarity with data science concepts and some proficiency using tools such as SQL, Power BI or Tableau, Sharepoint and Excel; Familiarity with survey research methodologies; Experience managing behavioral data, including product telemetry or syndicated sources such as ComScore, nielsen, and/or Verto Analytics data, is a plus.