Basic Function: The Quality Lead is responsible for maintaining an excellent Vendor/Customer relationship through proper and mindful product development, flawless launch execution and world-class production quality and delivery. The Quality Lead is responsible for all aspects of tactical management of quality relative to their production line including staff development, consumer warranty and survey performance, production quality control, supply chain management, Kaizen continuous improvement and product safety and, ensures that these control points are well documented. Additionally, the Quality Lead ensures design and production systems are appropriate at launch relative to customer targets and are continuously improving over the cycle. Specific Duties: Customer Interface Respond to all customer requests/ stated deliverables in a timely and thorough fashion. Ensuring a consistently high and improving supplier performance score and reducing or eliminating customer rejects. Establish cause and effect of customer returns and provide or direct defective product analysis, keeping customer abreast of results. Interface with customers as directed, attending quality reviews and concern resolution meetings as required. Staff Development Maintain appropriate staffing to support all quality functions adjusting as required for developmental training, vacation and holidays as required. Train product line quality staff, ensuring that they have appropriate quality, engineering and system skills to identify, analyze and resolve quality concerns efficiently. Supervise product line quality staff to ensure timeliness of members, efficient use of resources and cost control. Quality Operating System Development Develop and maintain the Quality Operating System (policy, procedures, work instructions and forms/ work specifications) which will assure product & process compliance and, continuous improvement in quality and delivery. Develop and coordinate ongoing quality system checks/ audits to ensure adherence to TS, QS and JCI corporate requirements identifying weaknesses which prevent world-class production quality and delivery and resolving them in a timely and complete manner. Quality Control & Supporting Report-Out Analyze scrap and defect area data for trends, and refinement needs, providing plant team member feedback on analysis results. Support daily gate board, KPI and month-end operational meetings as directed by Quality Manager including supporting quality measurable for designated areas as dictated by corporate and local policy. Actively contribute and participate in plant staff meetings and programs including the creation and promotion of action plans to close issues. Problem Solving & Concern Handling Read and interpret blue prints, conduct efficient and thoughtful problem solving and verify product compliance/ quality improvement by utilizing various objective measurement, quality and analysis tools. Provide proper judgment in communication and elevation of critical concerns both within BWI/JCO and with Customers when required. The Quality Lead also has final authority over dispositions to acceptance of rejected products and has the authority to stop the production process if a safety or major quality concern is identified. Show leadership in problem solving and resolution of quality issues; analyzing and providing timely resolution of design, material and/or internal process problems which may cause an interruption of world-class product delivery to our customers. Initiate concrete actions to prevent the occurrence of non- conformities relating to design, product, process, and quality systems. Supply Chain Management Work with potential new vendors to assure compliance to customer specifications and requirements. Monitor existing vendor supply bases to insure that JCI/Customer Guidelines/Specifications are met. Interface with suppliers, as required, if performance is not adequate providing value-added input to improve their quality systems. Support Design & Efficiency Improvement Support program SDT meetings along with the Quality Engineers to assist program management with upcoming engineering change issues and attend program meetings (SDT, ECO-ECR) as a key plant representative. Support engineering efforts to develop, maintain, and improve products to meet Customer expectations actively participating in VA/VE sessions. Performs other duties deemed necessary by the Plant Quality Manager. CB Qualifications Education Required: A four-year degree in engineering or quality is required. ASQ quality auditor certification considered an asset Experience Required: (3) to five (5) years of experience in industrial administration in a manufacturing environment. Familiar with ISO 14001, TS 16949 and QS9000 Standards. Controller and/or lab equipment experience preferred. Quality Audit experience preferred. Customer quality system experience preferred. Job Quality & Continuous Improvement Primary LocationUS-MI-Warren Organization Automotive Seating