The Director, Teaching and Learning will lead and manage all work related to the development, promotion, and support of teaching and learning activities within the College of Professional Studies. The Director provides leadership in the areas of curriculum development and maintenance, program development and revision, assessment, and instruction for the credit and non-credit programs. This individual is passionate about adult learners, and oversees the design, development, delivery, and assessment of all courses (credit and non- credit) offered by the College of Professional Studies. The Director has extensive experience in online, in-person, and hybrid teaching and learning, and will oversee the evaluation and monitoring of courses to ensure that the subject matter delivered is timely, relevant, and accurate. Works closely with online programs managers (OPMs) on course development and refresh projects. The Director, Teaching and Learning, will work collaboratively with CPS faculty, adjunct instructors and Villanova’s colleges and their faculty to advance teaching and learning for the adult students in CPS. Provides support and encourages faculty to improve their teaching, develop distinctive new courses, revise or create academic programs, foster impactful pedagogy, and pursue innovative course delivery methods. The Director will work closely with the Dean to supervise and mentor all faculty in the College, collaborating to ensure best practices in the delivery of courses and programs. The Director recruits, mentors, and evaluates all faculty, course developers, and subject matter experts (SMEs), and is responsible for providing a vision and administrative leadership for comprehensive faculty development that supports all faculty. The Director will oversee the effective administration of the Course and Teacher Survey (CATS) in CPS and promote the appropriate use of CATS data for faculty development and the assessment of teaching effectiveness. This individual serves as the College’s liaison for all accreditation efforts, and ensures compliance with all standards. Villanova is a Catholic university sponsored by the Augustinian order. Diversity and inclusion have been and will continue to be an integral component of Villanova University’s mission. The University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and seeks candidates who understand, respect and can contribute to the University’s mission and values. Duties and Responsibilities: CURRICULUM and ASSESSMENT Assist Dean of CPS with development of innovative new majors, non-credit programs, curricular elements and with the overall strategic curricular direction of the College. Provide leadership to all faculty to produce pedagogically sound courses by modeling effective instructional design, communicating with team members regarding required and completed tasks, outlining project plans, and providing status reports. Develop and maintain course and program standards – ranging from teaching policies to the look and feel of the LMS course platform – to maintain consistency across all courses and improve the student experience. Manage development and refresh processes for all credit and non-credit courses – according to pre-established plans – that are continually monitored and adjusted based on market needs and the performance of specific classes. Evaluate innovative educational delivery mediums for consideration and potential future use. Recommend effective and creative uses of technology to enhance instruction and create new learning environments. Develop and oversee all course and program assessment activities and plans. Manage accreditation issues for the college (i.e., Middle States); Assist Director, Academic Programs to ensure compliance with ABA Accreditation standards for Paralegal Program. Utilize internal and external data (e.g. OPIR reports, national data reports) to improve CPS academic outcomes and curriculum-related decision making. Prepare an annual summary report of assessment initiatives in CPS for the Dean’s College annual report at the end of each academic year. FACULTY DEVELOPMENT AND OVERSIGHT Provide guidance, direction and participate in departmental recruitment, application review, hiring, onboarding, orientation, and development of faculty, consistent with College policies and procedures. Work in close partnership with Assistant Director, Faculty Services. Coordinate and support full time faculty and professors of practice. Plan and execute regular faculty meetings, in partnership with Dean. Manage subject matter experts (SMEs) and adjunct faculty. Provide mentorship and guidance needed for them to fulfill their responsibilities. Assist with organizing and participate in functional area sessions for the non-credit programs – facilitate conversation, drive solutions to noted programmatic issues, solicit future ideas, etc. Organize, manage and deliver faculty retreats designed to educate instructors on CPS teaching expectations, curriculum, student demographics, policies, etc. Review Course and Teacher Surveys (CATS) at the end of each session/semester and meet with faculty as needed. Mentor faculty during their courses. Offer substantive advice on teaching methods and pedagogy. Oversee ideas for professional development to enhance faculty teaching for all levels (credit, non-credit, adjunct, professors of practice). Regularly disseminate information from assessment and research efforts through a variety of methods, including written reports, oral presentations, and digital media platforms. Develop and implement a regular faculty/instructor evaluation process. Promulgate and maintain CPS faculty/instructor handbook. OTHER Benchmark teaching, learning, and programs at peer and aspirational schools. Liaise with VITAL, UNIT, and Provost’s Office (Teaching & Learning and Online Programs) as needed. Closely work with the Director, Academic Programs as needed to ensure successful experiences for students (and their learning). ADDITIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES Perform additional duties and assist with special projects as assigned. Assist with CPS event development and planning as needed. Participate in events with CPS on occasional nights and weekends. Minimum Qualifications: Master’s Degree. 5-7 years of related experience required, demonstrating progressive responsibility and collaboration with faculty and administration. Passion for CPS and its students. Knowledge of online pedagogy and best practices. Extensive experience teaching and managing faculty and curriculum development within higher education. Ability to develop and nurture relationships with team members, students, faculty, alumni, and University offices is required. Candidate must have the ability to manage multiple projects and events with the ability to streamline processes and procedures creating efficient operations. The individual selected must communicate professionally and efficiently within a fast-paced environment. This individual must have experience in instructional design and learning theory skills obtained through on-the-job application and education. Must have experience creating evaluation tools for online and on-ground teaching and learning and experience using course management systems. Candidate must have strong organizational, time management and relationship management skills with demonstrated ability to work as a team player. Results oriented individual who can anticipate and identify problems and opportunities and takes decisive action to proactively address them. Excellent oral and written communication skills; strong organizational, problem solving and decision making skills are required. Candidates must have the ability to establish and maintain long term relationships. The candidate selected must also communicate professionally and efficiently within a fast-paced environment. The candidate must be proficient in all standard computer applications, including Microsoft office products, extremely proficient in Microsoft Word and Excel. General knowledge of office principles and procedures is required. The individual must have a deep commitment to the College of Professional Studies, to the University’s Catholic/Augustinian heritage and the advancement of its mission, and to serving the needs of a diverse community. Preferred Qualifications: PhD or EdD preferred Physical Requirements and/or Unusual Work Hours: Special Message to Applicants: Posting Date: 08/02/2018 Closing Date (12am ET): Salary Posting Information: Commensurate with experience. Salary Band: K Job Classification: exempt References Needed References Needed Minimum Number of References Needed 3 Maximum Number of References Needed 3 Supplemental Questions Required fields are indicated with an asterisk (). How did you first hear of this employment opportunity? Indeed.com Higheredjobs.com LinkedIn Chronicle Vitae Academic Keys Professional Affiliation/Trade Website Diversity Association/Publication Website Other Internet Advertisement Advertisement in Local Newspaper Advertisement in Academic or Professional Publication Referred by a current or former employee Referred by a friend or family member Heard about it at a conference or career fair Browsing the Villanova website Other If your answer to the above question is "Other", please specify the source below. If this question does not apply to you, enter N/A. (Open Ended Question) Documents needed to complete your application: Required Documents Cover Letter / Letter of Interest Resume / Curriculum Vitae Optional Documents