Title: Sales Engineer, Big Data Technology Location: San Francisco Bay Area, Greater New York Area Reporting To: Head of Big Data Platform Who We Are Cheetah Mobile (NYSE: CMCM) is a leading, profitable global mobile internet company founded and based in Beijing, China. We aim to provide the best apps for mobile users worldwide, while building a leading global mobile ad platform for advertisers. Our mission is to Make the World Smarter! Our mission critical applications, including Clean Master, CM Security, Battery Doctor and Duba Anti-virus, help make the internet and mobile experience speedier, simpler, and safer for users worldwide. We have approximately 635 million global mobile monthly active users, and we’re continuing to grow! We also provide multiple user traffic entry points and global content promotional channels capable of delivering targeted content to hundreds of millions of users. Our customers include both, direct advertisers and mobile advertising networks. We invest in the latest technologies and trends, such as robotics, artificial intelligence, fintech and data-driven content strategies. Learn more about us at: www.cmcm.com What will you be doing… In order to structure our fast-growing international development, we are looking for a Sales Engineer to fully support the business growth and monetization of our Big Data analytic tools. Responsible for selling the Big Data products in US market Conduct market research and identify key customers and clients Prepare and present customer facing technical presentations regarding Cheetah Data offerings and customer specific solutions Support the account team in designing, positioning and providing technology solutions Provide technical support in sales presentations, customer meetings, trade shows, and other industrial events Lead discovery to understand and document the customer technical and business requirements necessary for the development of a Cheetah Data proposed solution Develop the technical solution to include quoting and internal approvals as necessary Provide technical, design, presentation, and implementation support for new services and upgrades Develop strong relationships with customers, engineering and product teams as a trusted advisor facilitating solution improvements Conduct deep dive technical training of Cheetah Data products and solutions for internal and external stakeholders Other tasks and projects due to business needs What we are looking for… Minimum a Bachelor’s Degree in Business Administration, Computer Science, or Engineering, technical background with a MBA degree is a strongly preferred Comprehensive knowledge and deep understanding in Big Data technology and related industrial applications Hands-on technical experience related to Big Data technology to provide support to the customers when facing technical problems Knowledge in Business Administration and related field, including finance, accounting, marketing in order to create effective and persuasive business proposal Solid experience and strong ability in business development, contract negotiation, and market analysis to drive the business growth Strong problem-solving ability and customer service skills to provide solutions to clients Even better if… Experience working with international partners Experience working with a rapidly growing and changing company Experience working for a start-up where processes are still being built by the day