DIRECTOR, INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SUMMARY: The Director provides overall leadership, planning, and management of all areas of IT and supervises IT staff members responsible for IT operations, Web services, and database services. The Director delivers high-quality technological solutions that enable the organization to meet its internal and external users and services needs efficiently and effectively. In addition, the Director collaborates with other senior staff to develop, execute, and monitor the organization’s annual business plan, budget, and strategic areas of focus. This position reports to the COO. The Illinois CPA Society (ICPAS) is a professional membership association dedicated to enhancing the value of the CPA profession. Founded in 1903, ICPAS is one of the largest state CPA societies in the nation, with more than 25,000 individual members. We represent CPAs in public accounting, consulting, corporate finance, government, and not-for-profit organizations, as well as, accounting students and educators. Visit our website at www.icpas.org. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: Communicate and execute a strategic plan that incorporates and aligns the technology strategy with the overall goals and strategy. Direct the design, implementation, and operations of a high-performing IT infrastructure including Microsoft 365 Suite and Aptify association management software. Oversee the development of applications, websites, and technical business processes. Review, develop, and implement policies and practices to support current and future technology infrastructure requirements. Ensure security measures are in place for data privacy, (GDPR). Manage the Data Privacy policy in conjunction with Marketing and Membership. Develop, implement and maintain a disaster recovery plan to provide continuance of business in the event of short or long-term event. Continually develop and improve staff capabilities and capacity to ensure business objectives are exceeded while maintaining a highly engaged staff that is challenged and aligned with the vision, mission and values. Ensure training is developed and delivered for current & new staff regarding processes, procedures, and systems enhancements/changes. Manage contracts with external IT vendors and oversee project management for those initiatives. Identify improvements and solutions to business concerns through the application of technology and a collaborative, service-oriented approach towards internal constituents. Ensure office in Springfield, remote employee, and work-from-home employees have full and efficient access to programs. Responsible for VOIP phone systems, fax lines and all copiers. Supervise seven staff members including help desk, programmer, developer, project manager and website team. Report to the CFO/COO. Stay current on relevant technology trends and evaluate opportunities. EDUCATION & EXPERIENCE Bachelor’s Degree required; or a degree in Computer Science or a related field, highly desirable 10+ years of Information Technology systems experience required 10+ years of progressive leadership/management experience. Thorough understanding of technologies required to support the association’s business and systems infrastructure required (i.e. Aptify or other AMS Association Management System) Project management and IT systems deployment experience required Experience in system migration and system integration required Experience with database management, networking and infrastructure, software development, internet security and web technologies required Relational Database Systems Knowledge, ex SQL server Benefits at ICPAS We offer an excellent benefits package at a reasonable cost, or sometimes free, to all qualified employees. Available options are: health insurance, dental insurance, vision insurance, short and long term disability insurance, life insurance at three times the employees’ yearly compensation, additional options for disability plans, tax-free options for commuting and parking costs, flex spending accounts for medical or dependent care, voluntary life insurance, long term care insurance, and a 401(k) plan with company contribution. This positions enjoys four weeks paid vacation, seven paid sick days, 13 paid holidays, casual dress code, option to work from home one day a week, and half day Fridays during the summer. Our office is located close to Union Station in Chicago. This position will be scheduled to work for 35 hours a week, which is considered full time. EOE