MARKETING DATA ANALYST II Job Description JOB SUMMARY This role is responsible for managing and leveraging a variety of internal and external analytical tools (i.e., MCIF Database, Net Promoter Score Program) and datasets to; (1) improve segmentation of membership by analyzing members’ demo- and psycho- graphic data and the effectiveness of marketing campaigns, (2) analysis and reporting that drives decision making and improvement(s) for the member experience, and (3) research related to market opportunities, competitive intelligence, and innovation in products and services. Frequent communications and presentations to business unit managers and senior leadership is required, including tracking of goals and communicating to executive level leadership. About Us A Member-Owned, Not-for-Profit Cooperative At UFCU, we strongly believe in fair and honest products and outstanding member service. We work to assist you with your financial education, and we listen to your suggestions for how we can improve. And by keeping our member- elected Board of Directors local, we have the advantage of first-hand knowledge of local markets and member needs. We credit these values with making us Austin’s largest locally owned financial institution, also serving Galveston County. Learn more about the UFCU Story (UFCU.org) _Driven by community. Made possible by members. Powered by you. Join the team that keeps our local community thriving._ ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Relative Weight (in %; all functions’ total should = 100%) Essential Function Description 30% Through analysis of multiple data sources, (MCIF, CRM) define & communicate member attributes, psychographics & behaviors to stakeholders to guide tactics in support of UFCU strategic goals. Performs statistical, quantitative and qualitative data analysis and translate data into effective and executable intelligence reports. Gathers, segments, manipulates and manages data to support Product Managers’ product development and revenue generation initiatives Collaborates with key internal partners to ensure that UFCU is collecting and managing the right data to support member and brand strategies both within each business unit and for individual products. 30% Represent the Voice of Member in initiatives, and influence projects that improve the experience across various service delivery channels Provides enterprise consulting in the areas of improving the member experience Develop meaningful analytic conclusions and recommends innovative solutions related to member feedback and the member experience Develops ad hoc inquiries to assist in reporting, categorization and analysis of member feedback 30% Develops targeting strategies for marketing campaigns. Manages third-party relationships to coordinate monthly segmentation campaigns for existing and new members which includes: o Determining criteria o Creating databases o Transmitting data to third party vendors o Producing measurement reports for campaign effectiveness. Gathers, analyzes, and compares competitor data to present to management. 10% Responsible for administering systemic tools resulting in metrics (ie, Net Promoter Score & MCIF Databases) that help senior leaders drive business excellence. Determines best methodology and oversees the accurate and timely conversion of survey data, reporting and analytics. Provides demos and training for champions and SMEs, including documentation as required for reporting, analysis, trending and communication. Validation/Support Builds survey control information and oversees the pre- and post-implementation testing of tools, processes, reports and alerts. Oversees formal coordination of survey systems and operational services to other UFCU business units and departments. Provide Tier I/II support for the tools, reports and system supporting the MCIF & NPS programs to the business units N/A Performs other duties as assigned Adhere to all company policies, procedures, and business ethics codes Maintain strict adherence and compliance to all laws, rules, regulations, policies, procedures, and internal controls specific to your role Minimum Qualifications Bachelor's degree in Business, Economics, Accounting, Statistics, Data Science or related field, may be substituted with equivalent relevant experience Three (3) years experience in analytics, market intelligence and analytics, financial modeling or statistical analysis Excellent interpersonal, communication (written & verbal), facilitation, and presentation skills Experience with Satmetrix NPS System, MCIF, CRM Software, and Domo or like business intelligence tools Experience in a role focused on capturing and transforming client feedback into actionable themes to drive cross-company solutions focused on client experience. Experience with SQL and different databases Ability to quickly build trust and partnerships across various stakeholder groups Experience with Microsoft Office tools (especially with Word, PowerPoint, Excel-advanced) Demonstrated success in project management Demonstrated excellence in providing superb customer service Ability to successfully pass pre-employment background screening, including FBI fingerprint search, credit check, education and employment verification Preferred Qualifications Certification as a Net Promoter Score Professional Credit union or other financial institution experience