Requisition Number: 69235 As an Architect your primary role be will be as a Subject Matter Expert on diverse and challenging engagements at client sites. You will be responsible for the analysis, design, and implementation of Cisco solutions and related technologies. Insight is looking for talented individuals who are passionate about emerging technologies and excited about the opportunity to work for industry-leading organizations! What you’ll do at Insight: Serve as the subject matter expert for Cisco Networking, Data Center and Security solutions. Participate in the specification of customer requirements and implementation plans. Manage the planning, implementation and operation of customer network projects from both technical and communication aspects. Mentor other resources and at times act as a lead for your team. Assist sales team in identifying and closing opportunities through customer meetings and presentations. What you’ll need to join Insight: 6+ years implementing and troubleshooting Cisco Data Center, Networking and Security technologies. Bachelor’s degree in a technical or business discipline or demonstrated performance in a technical work environment. Ability to effectively communicate, present and articulate strategies across various audiences; sales, marketing, partners, clients, consultants, executive leaders (internal and external). Growth in technical skills through certifications (CCNP/CCDP/JNCIP/CCIE) or other similar achievements is desired. Expert knowledge of various Cisco Route/Switch equipment and Data Center technologies. The position described above provides a summary of some the job duties required and what it would be like to work at Insight. For a comprehensive list of physical demands and work environment for this position, click here. Today, every business is a technology business. Insight Enterprises, Inc. empowers organizations of all sizes with Insight Intelligent Technology Solutions™ and services to maximize the business value of IT. As a Fortune 500-ranked global provider of digital innovation, cloud/data center transformation, connected workforce, and supply chain optimization solutions and services, we help clients successfully manage their IT today while transforming for tomorrow. From IT strategy and design to implementation and management, our 6,800 employees help clients innovate and optimize their operations to run smarter. Discover more at insight.com. Global provider of Intelligent Technology Solutions™ for organizations of all sizes Ranked 417 on the 2018 Fortune 500, 12 on the CRN Solution Provider 500 Founded in 1988 in Tempe, Arizona; now celebrating our 30th anniversary and operating in 20 countries $6.7 billion in revenue for 2017 6,800+ teammates worldwide working with 5,300+ partners 2017 Arizona’s Most Admired Companies (AZ Business Magazine), 7 2017 Best Places to Work (Phoenix Business Journal) 2018 Dell EMC Server Partner of the Year, 2018 Intel Retail Solution Partner of the Year, 2018 IBM Geography Excellence Award as the Top National Strategic Business Partner in North America, Microsoft’s largest global partner Today's talent leads tomorrow's success. Learn about careers at Insight: jobs.insight.com. Insight is an equal opportunity employer, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, sexual orientation or any other characteristic protected by law. Posting Notes: Minneapolis || Minnesota (US-MN) || United States (US) || None || None || US - Chicago, IL; US - Des Moines, IA; US - Minneapolis, MN; US - St. Louis, MO ||