Comcast brings together the best in media and technology. We drive innovation to create the world's best entertainment and online experiences. As a Fortune 50 leader, we set the pace in a variety of innovative and fascinating businesses and create career opportunities across a wide range of locations and disciplines. We are at the forefront of change and move at an amazing pace, thanks to our remarkable people, who bring cutting-edge products and services to life for millions of customers every day. If you share in our passion for teamwork, our vision to revolutionize industries and our goal to lead the future in media and technology, we want you to fast-forward your career at Comcast. XFINITY Mobile is a new wireless service built for the way people use their phones today with the internet at the center of the experience. We use America's largest and most reliable 4G LTE network, along with the nation's largest WiFi network, to give customers a better wireless experience.Core Responsibilities: The Data Engineer for Fraud Risk Management will have a multi-faceted role: application, database, and server architecture and administration and obtaining data and maintaining data pipelines both in and out of our platform. This will include building and maintaining multiple databases (NoSQL, GDB, RDBMS), a data analytics platform, and internal and external data pipelines. As the team is growing, this person will be pivotal to building a first-in-class analytics platform to support organization- critical analytics, data science, and reporting. Specific responsibilities include: Build and maintain multiple flavors of databasesBuild and maintain data pipelines for reporting and modeling (ETL)Build and maintain analysis and data science sandboxesOwn any process in production for the XM Risk Analytics teamEducation and Experience: Education Level Bachelor's Degree or Equivalent is required.Years of Experience Generally requires 5-7 years of related experienceOther Specific Skills: Technical: Server administration, application administration, database administrationApplication: Cloudera Hadoop, Teradata Data Warehouse, VMWare, and OpenStackDatabase: NoSQL, RDBMS, & GDBScripting: SQL, Bash, SFTP, R and/or PythonOperationalizing: Work side-by-side with the XM Fraud Analysts and Data Scientists to put products into productionCompliance: Comcast is an EEO/AA/Drug Free Workplace.Disclaimer: The above information has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees in this role. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. Comcast is an EOE/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT employer