Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to tackle new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward. With your technical expertise you manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables. You design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions. Soli is a new pico radar for touchless interaction and environmental awareness. The goal of the project is to enable rich and consistent touchless interaction across various device categories and verticals. One of the driving forces of innovation at Google is our Advanced Technologies and Projects (ATAP) team. ATAP is a fast-paced, solution-oriented group developing and executing projects at the point where emerging science/technology trends meet consumer needs, products and services. Googlers working on ATAP projects will create demonstrations and user experiences that appear magical, simple and wondrous—and deliver at lightning speeds. Responsibilities Work to develop custom algorithms, infrastructure, and tools that enable touchless interactions. Collaborate with other Machine Learning Engineers, Signal Processing Experts and UX Designers to shape, explore, and deliver magical user experiences in high-impact Hardware Products. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience. 4 years of relevant industry experience. Experience working with C++ or Python and experience designing a distributed machine learning system or other applied machine learning experience in production systems. Experience building and shipping hardware products. Preferred qualifications: Experience with one or more of the following: Signal Processing, classification, regression, wireless communications and/or Machine Learning backend infrastructure. Experience with MATLAB, matplotlib and algorithms. Familiarity with tensorflow, flume and data pipelines. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.