Manages operational and business support functions for a Metropolitan District. Directs office support functions in the areas of: resource allocation, budget preparation, forecasting, purchasing, equipment, facilities, special projects, business management and policy interpretation. Directs management and staff to resolve issues and to ensure department goals and objectives are achieved. Serves on the District leadership team and provides advice to the District Engineer and staff. Supervises a group of professional and clerical employees. Reports to the District Engineer. Work requires contact with department executives, managers, governmental agencies and private entities. Employees at this level are virtually self-supervising and assume direct accountability for the work product. Duties The essential duties for this job include: Acts as a liaison with all levels of administration, other Department offices and outside organizations to coordinate department business and research/facilitate problem resolution. Acts as a project manager to oversee, plan and implement Department programs and initiatives. Coordinates staff development activities with human resources and district/division management to help staff develop and learn the required skills/competencies necessary to grow in their position and advance their careers. Manages a group of professional and clerical employees and oversees administrative services and management of business support functions and special projects ensuring all functions are conducted in accordance with policy. Manages administrative support functions in the areas of purchasing, warehousing, asset management and procurement card transactions. Manages budget and finance activities by compiling and preparing operational and financial reports and planning district/division needs using program analysis to track progress, trends and make recommendations. Oversees facility support functions in the areas of buildings, grounds, materials, personnel and event/maintenance scheduling. Plans, develops and evaluates administrative and operational policies and procedures. Performs other job responsibilities as assigned. Competencies The required competencies for this job include: Office management practices and procedures Inventory management systems Generally accepted accounting principles, procedures and terminology Developing, implementing, monitoring budgets and financial reporting The Texas Public Information Act Giving attention to detail and reviewing information to identify any errors and problems; ensuring consistency and clarity of information Leading, assigning, reviewing and monitoring the work of others Coordinating labor, materials and equipment Analyzing and organizing business and technical data The use of personal computers and applicable programs, applications and systems Education This job requires the following: Bachelor's Degree Work Experience This job requires the following: 5 years in Management, business operations, finance or business related field. Experience can be satisfied by full-time or prorated part-time equivalent Must have three (3) years supervisory/managerial experience. Project leader or lead worker experience may substitute for supervisory/managerial experience. Related graduate level education may be substituted for experience on a year per year basis. Licenses and Certifications The following Licenses and/or Certifications are required for this job: Valid Driver License