This position evaluates and implements data strategies that will support the integration, standardization, quality and availability of data throughout the organization. The Data Architect will work with various Business Units to ensure that the architecture is scalable and aligned with the business needs. This position will also define data standards and policies to ensure data integrity is maintained. Responsibilities: Design, develop, implement and document data integration strategy that aligns with the goals and objectives of the bank.Provide leadership in advanced data techniques (data modeling, data integration, data discovery, and database design/implementation) for department and project teams.Define data standards, policies and procedures to ensure high level of data integrity. Evaluate and recommend new technology and tools to support business initiatives.Create and maintain conceptual, logical and physical data models defining information requirements for data analysis and decision making. Maintain consolidated view of the entire application portfolio and provide direction regarding application rationalization.Develop metadata management system to ensure all data assets are identified and leveraged across the company.Create documentation for data models to be used by Business Analysts.Establish governance structure and best practices to comply with policies, standards, processes and resources.Research and implement best practices for data consumption, transformation and presentation.Maintain proficient knowledge of, and demonstrate ongoing compliance with all laws and regulations applicable to this position, ensure ongoing adherence to pertinent policies, procedures, and internal controls, and meet all job-specific training requirements in a timely fashion. Basic Qualifications: Education/Training - Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, related technical degree or equivalent experience.Skills - Strong analytical and problem solving skills. Extensive experience working with a variety of banking applications, business intelligence tools, GRC tools, BI tools, and warehouse solutions i.e. RDBMS/SQL.Experience - Minimum 5-7 years proven experience in database design, implementation as well as change and configuration management. Practical experience in participating and running data management programs. Management/supervisory experience required.Other information: As an integral member of BIS, this position is also responsible to provide assistance wherever necessary to help the Bank in achieving their annual goals.Physical Requirements: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.While performing the duties of this job, the employee may be required to stand, walk, sit, user hands to finger, handle, or feel, reach with hands or arms, and speak and hear. The employee may occasionally be required to lift and or move up to 25 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, and the ability to focus.