At Presidio, we think, architect, implement and support the practical reality of IT every day. We bring together the best minds in the industry to deliver IT excellence and support the answers to our clients’ IT challenges. As one of the largest IT-as-a-Service solution providers in the U.S., we combine experience and stability with regional expertise and the unique ability to cover local and global business needs. For more information about Presidio visit our website at www.presidio.com or follow us on Twitter @Presidio. Key Responsibilities: Interact with clients on a daily basis. Inspect and troubleshoot assembled equipment to ensure proper installation. Inspect and troubleshoot operating parts to ensure proper operation within expected tolerances. Assess tools and equipment required to perform scope of job. Perform routine maintenance on equipment, and assist in establishing preventative maintenance schedules with customer. Assembles, aligns, and installs equipment and or software as necessary. Documentation and article submission of the Knowledge Base. Provide support during off staffed hours. Provides phone support as needed. Create update, and/or complete tickets in a timely manner. Performs related work as apparent or assigned. Required Skills: Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience and/or military experience Minimum of 2+ years of experience working in IT professional services, service desk, or call center environment. Ability to handle multiple tasks in fast paced environment. Strong work ethic and problem solving skills. Experience supporting Microsoft Windows OS 7 or higher. Experience supporting Microsoft Office suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Visio, Lync). Experience with Microsoft servers and Active Directory administration. Experience with Antivirus Software. Experience with DHCP, DNS and general network troubleshooting. Experience with Microsoft Exchange administration a plus. Experience with virtual computing administration – VMware, Citrix, or App-V a plus. Knowledge of Smartphones and tablets (iPad, Android, Blackberry, etc.) is a plus. Experience with a managed services provider is a plus. Experience with Kaseya and/or ConnectWise is a plus. Other Qualifications: Frequent Local Travel. Valid Driver’s License and Insurance. Experience in a call or technical assistance center on Microsoft server environments. Excellent customer service skills including phone, follow-up, and availability. Presidio, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer/ VEVRAA Federal Contractor. All qualified candidates will receive consideration for this position regardless of race, color, creed, religion, national origin, age, sex, citizenship, ethnicity, veteran status, marital status, disability, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state and local statutes, regulations and ordinances. To read more about employment discrimination protections under federal law, please visit: https://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf If you have any difficulty using our online system and need an accommodation in the job application process due to a disability, please send an email to recruitment@presidio.com for assistance. Presidio, Inc. is a VEVRAA Federal Contractor requesting priority referrals of protected veterans for its openings. State Employment Services; please provide priority referrals to recruitment@presidio.com RECRUITMENT AGENCIES PLEASE NOTE: Presidio has a strict PSL in place and will only accept applications from agencies/business partners that have been invited to work on this role through the Presidio portal. Candidate Resumes/CV's not submitted through the Presidio portal or submitted directly to Hiring Managers will be considered unsolicited and will be treated as gifts and no fee will be payable. Thank you for your cooperation. CB_DM