Graduation with a Bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or university with major coursework in a related field, plus four (4) years of experience providing customer service for a utility or another commercial/government organization, or other experience related to the job. Experience may substitute for education up to a maximum of four (4) years. Licenses or Certifications: None. Notes to Applicants Working with Austin Water provides a number of health and welfare benefits, such as medical, paid leave time, a great retirement plan, training opportunities and more – click HERE for more information. This position works in the Austin Water Retail Customer Services group and includes responsibilities to address escalated customer billing issues, special billing, and administration of programs, such as annual wastewater averaging. When completing the City of Austin employment application: Please be sure to detail on the application all prior work experience that is related to this position, including any work history with the City of Austin. A resume is required to be submitted with the application, but does not substitute for a complete employment application. A detailed, complete employment application will help us to better evaluate your qualifications and will be used to determine salary if you are selected for this position. A cover letter is also required. In the cover letter candidates should describe, in concise detail, their interest in this position and highlight any prior experience that is relevant to this position. If selected as a top candidate, you will be asked to provide proof of your education which may include your official college transcript, High School diploma, GED or equivalent degree. Your skill level with the Microsoft Office Suite will be assessed. Effective October 1, 2014, all Austin Water Utility worksite locations are tobacco-free. Use of tobacco products and/or e-cigarettes is not permitted on any AWU worksite – including construction sites, parking lot, garage or in any personal vehicle located on the premises. Employees, in Good Standing, who are Candidates within the Department that the Position resides in and who meet the Minimum and Preferred Qualifications (if any) of the Position will be included in the initial interview. Pay Range $23.44 – $29.80 Hours 8:00 AM to 5:00 PM Monday through Friday Job Close Date 08/26/2018 Type of Posting External Department Austin Water Utility Regular/Temporary Regular Grant Funded or Pooled Position Not Applicable Category Professional Location Waller Creek Center, 625 E. 10th St., Austin , TX Preferred Qualifications Demonstrated knowledge of accounting/auditing and billing procedures and systems Demonstrated ability to devise and present solutions to complex problems through highly analytical thinking and application of effective investigation, research and analysis methods Demonstrated skill responding to and resolving escalated issues and disputes, applying effective conflict resolution techniques Experience in data analysis and reporting results Demonstrated skill in oral and written communication which includes presentations, sensitive customer/client correspondence, reports and process documentation Experience and skill in handling multiple tasks and prioritizing in a dynamic environment Experience with performing complex and advanced functions in Microsoft Excel Intermediate skill level in Microsoft Word Duties, Functions and Responsibilities Essential duties and functions, pursuant to the Americans with Disabilities Act, may include the following. Other related duties may be assigned. Researches utility usage, determines average consumption, verifies and calculates rates, and investigates high costs or other anomalies for possible causes and resolution. Provides innovative and customized usage and billing solutions and recommendations. Extracts data and presents facts to customers providing utility reports, as needed, for management of usage and cost. Researches and determines requirements for subdivision development, re-subdivision, and water and wastewater service extensions. Evaluates site/lot plans, criteria, etc. for a variety of projects, programs, and activities. Manages assigned utility projects from initiation to completion. Maintains, safeguards, and provides original documents of record. Presents arguments and reasoning as an advocate representing the utility in hearings, investigations, examinations, or other arenas where disputes are addressed. Develops, revises, and implements procedures and processes to facilitate the provision of services to customers. Recruits and serves as a point of contact for utility programs. Develops, implements, and delivers training in a variety of formats and venues. Responsibilities \- Supervision and/or Leadership Exercised: May lead others. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Must possess required knowledge, skills, abilities and experience and be able to explain and demonstrate, with or without reasonable accommodations, that the essential functions of the job can be performed. Knowledge of the applicable principles, laws, rules, regulations, and practices of utility service operations. Knowledge of City practice, policy, and procedures. Skill in oral and written communication. Skill in using computers and related software. Skill in data analysis and problem solving. Skill in handling multiple tasks and prioritizing. Ability to work with frequent interruptions and changes in priorities. Ability to lead others. Ability to establish and maintain good working relationships with City employees and the public. Does this job require a criminal background investigation? This position requires a criminal background investigation EEO/ADA City of Austin is committed to compliance with the American Disabilities Act. If you require reasonable accommodation during the application process or have a question regarding an essential job function, please call (512) 974-3210 or TTY (512) 974-2445. Information For City Employees: If you are an employee within the department, are in good standing and meet both the minimum and preferred qualifications, then you will receive an initial interview.