SIEM Security Engineer Detroit, MI _50% Travel Requirement_ CBI has been a trusted advisor in the cyber security industry since 1991. We pride ourselves in securing our clients nationwide, providing value through advisory services such as Security Assessments, Incident Response, Digital Forensics, Product Implementations and Managed Security Services. Every single CBI employee contributes to our mission. By joining CBI, you act as a catalyst in a chain of events that helps make our interconnected world more secure for millions of people. You will be surrounded by the brightest business and technical minds in our industry who will inspire you to grow and be great. Working at CBI is your opportunity to shape an industry that’s vital to us all. We live by the CBI Core Values: Customer First ... know your customer and deliver value, every time Performance Based Culture ... critical thinking that helps exceed company goals Authentic ... honest, direct, confident, promises kept Blue Collar Work Ethic... come to work ready to work hard, no task is below you Our employees think we’re a cool place to work, too! CBI has been recognized as one of Crain’s Cool Place to Work in 2016; an example of our commitment to creating a unique culture – providing career enhancing opportunities, programs and benefits that fit the needs of our workforce. We are built on talented people and we need the best of the best to accelerate our growth. Join our team of industry leaders to continue growing your career! Position Description A qualified candidate will need to have experience in a variety of technologies including networking devices, security devices, operating systems, and databases. User will be working in a managed environment and managing a SIEM implementation (post) as well as normal roles of security engineering such as (client interfacing, security incident response and daily information security duties). Specific responsibilities will include long term customization work following the initial deployment. These tasks will include working with large Fortune 1000 customers to implement best practices, determine specific use cases and fully integrate the solution into their environments and workflow. Key Responsibilities Developing and implementing SIEM solutions for clients and/or candidates who have strong experience in assessing and implementing SIEM and other operational tools and processes for a Security Operations Center (SOC) Build, implement and deploy data security solutions Develop content for a complex and growing SIEM infrastructure. This includes use cases, dashboards, active channels, reports, rules, filters, trends and active lab sessions Provide optimization for data flows using aggression, filters etc Work to deliver services on client engagements and expand services for current customers Use SIEM in the daily operational work and workflow of the end customer Administer SIEM software platform at the customer site or remote Must have some experience building custom connectors/parsers etc. to point devices or IT assets that are not supported out of the package Specialized Knowledge & Skills 2+ years in the following areas: System security and SIEM implementation experience In-depth understanding of Security Event Management – both from a technology/tool as well as process perspective In-depth understanding of QRadar SIEM solution and its application for Threat Monitoring Design and implementation of Arcsight or QRadar solution – at least for 2 separate engagements Development of custom use-cases and reports on QRadar SIEM solutions Preferred Certifications covering security point solutions such as firewalls, IPS/IDS, SIEM Physical Requirements General Office Demands Benefits & Company Statement We believe that superior performance; individual and team should be recognized and rewarded. We provide a competitive compensation program to attract, retain and motivate a high-performance workforce, and it’s flexible enough to meet the different needs of our diverse employee population. Our mentorship and training initiatives are unmatched. CBI employees are constantly sharpening their skills and shaping their careers. Our intention is to develop employees to their highest potential, no matter what their job title might be. It’s this approach that always ensures that the right person is in the right seat and most importantly, exceling in their field.