The Web Analytics Program Manager is responsible for increasing patient volume and improving brand loyalty by developing and implementing strategies to increase consumer conversions and improve user experience across the HoustonMethodist.org website. Through extensive knowledge of optimization best practices, strong knowledge of Houston Methodist service offerings, insightful analysis of user data, deep understanding of target audiences and a relentless focus on disciplined testing, the Web Optimization Program Manager identifies and seizes opportunities to grow appointment volume and improve brand loyalty among consumers, patients and care givers visiting HoustonMethodist.org. The incumbent will also provide data and analysis to guide and support decisions relating to content strategy, information architecture, user interface and design. The Web Optimization Program Manager will consult and collaborate with technical teams, writers, designers, digital specialists and business owners to implement strategies and tactics that align with campaign and business objectives. HOUSTON METHODIST EXPERIENCE EXPECTATIONS o Provide personalized care and service by consistently demonstrating our I CARE values: INTEGRITY: We are honest and ethical in all we say and do. COMPASSION: We embrace the whole person including emotional, ethical, physical, and spiritual needs. ACCOUNTABILITY: We hold ourselves accountable for all our actions. RESPECT: We treat every individual as a person of worth, dignity, and value. EXCELLENCE: We strive to be the best at what we do and a model for others to emulate. o Focuses on patient/customer safety o Delivers personalized service using HM Service Standards o Provides for exceptional patient/customer experiences by following our Standards of Practice of always using Positive Language (AIDET, Managing Up, Key Words) o Intentionally rounds with patients/customers to ensure their needs are being met o Involves patients (customers) in shift/handoff reports by enabling their participation in their plan of care as applicable to the given job PRIMARY JOB RESPONSIBILITIES Job responsibilities labeled EF capture those duties that are essential functions of the job. PEOPLE - 20 % 1\. Serves as the voice of the end user to identify and highlight audience concerns that might otherwise go unaddressed. (EF) 2\. Partners with writers, designers, technology teams, digital specialists and business owners to develop and implement strategies to meet campaign and business goals for the website. SERVICE - 20 % 1\. Provides regular, comprehensive and insightful analytics reporting to guide strategic decision making and inform evaluations of marketing initiatives. (EF) 2\. Develops and implements conversion optimization plans, manages the work effort, and communicates key findings and progress back to key stakeholders. (EF) 3\. Performs extensive and continuous testing (A/B, multi-variant, etc.) to glean deeper insights into user behavior, needs and challenges as well as to reveal better options to meet campaign and business objectives. (EF) 4\. Maps and monitors common user navigation paths in search of opportunities to improve information architecture, design and user interface. (EF) 5\. Leverages digital experience tools such as personalization, path analyzer, geo-targeting and others to aggressively pursue user experience and conversion rate optimization opportunities. QUALITY/SAFETY - 20 % 1\. Measures and sets baseline for key site performance metrics (conversion rates, bounce rates, average time on site, etc.). (EF) 2\. Audits and optimizes Houston Methodist¿s Sitecore Analytics, Google Analytics and Google Tag Manager accounts. (EF) 3\. Delivers analysis on the impact of website feature enhancements and bug fixes. 4\. Monitors and maintains data quality. FINANCE - 10 % 1\. Proactively seizes opportunities to improve goal completion rates, such as appointments scheduled, forms submitted, registrations confirmed and downloads completed. GROWTH/INNOVATION - 30 % 1\. Identifies, evaluates and recommends new processes, practices and technologies that will help to maximize the ROI of the website. (EF) 2\. Builds business cases and helps draft requirements documentation for site enhancements, bug fixes and technology solutions as needed. 3\. Promotes a culture of site conversion and consumer advocacy that is informed by user data. This job description is not intended to be all inclusive; the employee will also perform other reasonably related business/job duties as assigned. Houston Methodist reserves the right to revise job duties and responsibilities as the need arises. EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS o Bachelor Degree in business, marketing, PR, advertising, math, MIS, or similar field of study. EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS o Minimum of 7 years experience performing related work, with at least 3 years¿ experience with landing page/campaign optimization (A/B, multi-variant tests) o Experience with content management systems and marketing automation systems preferred o Experience with analytics platforms preferred (Google Analytics, Omniture, etc.) CERTIFICATES, LICENSES AND REGISTRATIONS REQUIRED o None KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES REQUIRED o Demonstrates the skills and competencies necessary to safely perform the assigned job, determined through on-going skills, competency assessments, and performance evaluations. o Sufficient proficiency in speaking, reading, and writing the English language necessary to perform the essential functions of this job, especially with regard to activities impacting patient or employee safety or security. o Ability to effectively communicate with patients, physicians, family members and co-workers in a manner consistent with a customer service focus and application of positive language principles. o Experience in digital content marketing, with proficiency in landing page optimization. o Demonstrated effective verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills. o Ability to collaborate with copywriters, designers, subject matter experts and marketers. o Ability to work both independently of and cooperatively with team members. o A thorough knowledge of contemporary user experience and conversion rate optimization best practices. o Able to manage multiple projects simultaneously in a fast-paced environment.