In Mixed Reality (AR & VR), people-not technology-are at the center of everything we do. Our tech moves beyond keyboards, screens and pixels, creating a new way of interacting aimed at bringing us closer together-whether that’s students ‘meeting’ on the surface of a virtual Mars, a grandparent attending a birthday party from another country, or a Doctor removing a tumor inside a human body. To get there, we’re incorporating groundbreaking technologies, from audio algorithms, natural language understanding, conversational AI, computer vision, machine learning, human-computer interaction, and more. We are a growing team of talented engineers, scientists, and artists putting technology on a human path across Windows platform and devices. If you want to be part of a startup and the journey to bring a new computing paradigm into being - we need you! We are seeking a talented 3D Generalist to help craft new stories and experiences for the Microsoft customer of tomorrow. In this role, you will build 3D assets, which may include characters, environments, VFX and Motion Graphics - from concept to final product. This role is tightly-embedded within a multi-disciplinary family of art directors, designers, motion graphics, and concept artists. We value fearless curiosity and creativity, open idea- sharing, helping others succeed - and laughing while we work. Responsibilities Create a wide variety of 3D assets: hard-surface and organic, characters, environments, abstract, VFX, architectural, and more - UV unwrapping and texture creation – Bring assets into Cinema4D and execute look development with Octane Render - Scene and basic character animation – Work closely with Art Directors and Concept Artists on asset creation - Collaborate with a variety of disciplines: Software Developers, UI/UX Designers, Audio Designers, Project Managers, and Leadership Teams Work with and seek feedback from peers and leads Meet project deadlines and goals and being a positive, encouraging and creative force in the team Qualifications A passion for visual effects, entertainment and 3D experiences, as well as photography and film 2 years of experience in a creative digital environment. A confident understanding of digital art processes and the production and technical requirements of CG content development The ability to work well in an agile, low-fi to high-fi process, adapting to frequent changes An excellent aesthetic eye, knowing what visual quality looks like and how to achieve it Have excellent communication / presentation skills Have strong interpersonal, organizational, and collaboration skills Are self-motivated and comfortable dealing with the ambiguity of prototype and incubation work There are plenty of other skills that aren’t required, but you’ll find useful in this role. Let us know if you have experience with: 3D content creation for Virtual or Augmented Reality Understanding of offline rendering systems, passes, and compositing wdg.analog Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com.