The Data & Analytics Project Manager is a member of a cross-functional team where teamwork, collaboration, balancing competing priorities, and continuous learning are the norm. Position works under the direction of the EDW/Analytics Program Manager. Position works in collaboration with team leads, application build teams, project administration office, and clinical, financial, operational, and research stakeholders. Primary goals of the position are to: Translate project requests into requirements and detailed project plans with tasks, timelines, milestones, and deliverables for project team members Manage assigned data, reporting, and analytics projects for financial, operational, research, and clinical stakeholders of URMC hospitals (SMH, HH, FFT), the Medical Faculty Group, and University of Rochester Establish strong partnerships with operational leaders, business unit subject matter experts, analytics developers and eRecord (Epic) application team members Cultivate effective communication and coordination across URMC constituents for successful completion of each project milestone Drive results from all project team members through clear responsibility / accountability and scope expectations Align work with enterprise data governance efforts, including reporting policies & procedures, for effective organizational use of analytic platforms and self-serve business intelligence tools Coach report developers on tracking deliverables and process expectations for report documentation, build, testing, sign off and inventorying completed builds Responsibilities include end-to-end project management of medium to large projects involving reporting and/or analytics. This may include, but is not limited to, application-based reports/dashboards, data extracts, data transformations, data quality, master data management, metadata management, business glossary, data cubes/views, and self-serve business intelligence tools for the URMC enterprise. Reporting projects span various reporting and analytics platforms, including Epic reporting tools, (Reporting Workbench, Radar, Extract Editor, Crystal Reports), Microsoft SQL Server, SAS, R, Tibco Spotfire, and Tableau. Conforms to established guidelines, standards, and conventions for project management and business requirements documentation. Position requires successfully achieving (and maintaining) Project Management trainings and certifications as determined by the EDW/Analytics Program Manager. Certifications may require two to eight weeks of training and often include out-of-state travel. Responsibilities: Project Initiation Using the URMC [SD Project Proposal Methodology, determines scope of the problem/project, through collaboration with the executive project sponsor, key clinical users, and ISO system and application analysts. Gathers input from team members on required tasks and translates into a project plan with activities, dependencies, dates and timeframes, resource requirements, milestones and deliverables. Collaborates with Project Directors to assign appropriate resources to the project. Project Management Monitors progress of project activities and insures all critical implementation criteria are met and provides status reports to hospital, medical center and integrated delivery system steering committees. Manages project scope and timeline, using appropriate governance bodies and Data & Analytics leadership direction. Identifies, tracks, and manages risks and mitigation plans within assigned projects, escalating as appropriate. Identifies, tracks, and manages issues to resolution within assigned projects, escalating as appropriate. Project Communication Coordinates as needed with Architects, Team Leads, and Project Directors to ensure project team follows department processes for quality assurance, migrations and promotions, end-user acceptance/validation, training, and support. Facilitates project meetings using effective meeting techniques for objectives, agendas, participants, and meeting minutes. Develop/maintain reporting dashboards suitable for Sr. Leadership (both ISO and Business) to communicate project status. Conducts post-project "lessons learned" sessions to identify successful project elements and areas for future improvement. Consulting Keeps current with business and strategic goals Understands other University service providers Stays apprised of team's roles, processes, tools, and architecture to better understand how the team works together to meet users' needs. Attends webinars, reads case studies and white papers, and participates in other free or low-cost opportunities to further refine skills and stay apprised on data & analytics topics. Communicates and educates at the user's level, in the context of the user's business environment. Builds and maintains internal departmental relationships Coaches and maintains a positive influence on project team members for accountability and action at all times. Meets established deadlines, and motivates project team members to do the same Maintains flexibility and professionalism while managing competing priorities General Participates effectively as a "Team Member". Makes presentations to ISO staff on work-related issues. Serves on committees and attends meetings as requested. follows all I SD administrative standards (such as timely time sheet preparations, completing time away requests, completing annual mandatory educational requirements, etc.). Adheres and subscribes to the ISO Values as stated in the Values Statement. Qualifications Bachelor's degree in related discipline such as Computer Science, Business, Mathematics, Statistics, Science or Engineering, and 4-5 years of related experience, preferably 2-3 years in a supervisory capacity; or an equivalent combination of education and experience Preferred Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in related discipline such as Healthcare Administration, Business, Finance, Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Information Systems, or Engineering 3-5 years IT project management experience 3-5 years experience with office productivity tools including Word, Excel, Powerpoint, Visio, Sharepoint 2-3 years experience as a business analyst, systems analyst, interface/integration developer, or report analyst/developer 2-3 years experience in a customer service role, interacting with internal or external customers in a faceto-face capacity Highly organized with proven ability to meet deadlines, prioritize workload, and manage resources and time effectively Possesses strong interpersonal skills and effective communication skills, written and oral Leads meetings utilizing effective meeting management methodologies Preferences: Master's degree in Healthcare Management/Administration, Business, Statistics, Analytics, or Informatics Project management certification Experience working in the healthcare industry is highly desirable Experience working in healthcare operations, either clinical or revenue cycle Experience with enterprise data governance programs and infrastructure Experience with application integration/interfaces or report/dashboard development Knowledge of relational database concepts and SQL Knowledge of Epic reporting tools (R WB/Radar, Extract Editor, Crystal) and report specification design documents Knowledge of i2b2 research platform Knowledge of Business Intelligence tools ( e.g., Spotfire, Tableau, Qlik) How To Apply All applicants must apply online. _EOE Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Disabled_