College Facilities Coordinator, SJCC San Jose/Evergreen Community College District Position : 1800068 Required Documents: 1\. Letter of Introduction (Cover Letter) 2\. Resume 3\. Copy of Transcripts (Associate's Degree or equivalent) Department: Facilities Posting Date: 07/30/2018 First Review Date: 08/13/2018 Position Status: Full-time Salary Range: $63,117 - $77,013 Annual Salary (Range 100: Classified Salary Schedule Fiscal Year 2017-2018). Starting placement is generally at Step 1. Benefits Available - Classified: Excellent fringe benefit package includes District paid medical, dental, vision, EAP (employee assistance plan) and life insurance for employee and eligible dependents, and income protection. Voluntary plans include supplemental life insurance, Flexible Spending Accounts, 403b and 457 Deferred Compensation Accounts. Classified employees also receive vacation, sick leave and 18 paid holidays. Employment Start date: As soon as possible. Position Summary: The College Facilities Coordinator reports to the Facilities Manager at San Jose City College. The work schedule is 12 months per year; Monday - Friday; 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. This position is represented by the California School Employees Association (CSEA), Chapter 363. Position Purpose: Reporting to the Vice President of Administrative Services or assigned administrator, the College Facilities Coordinator is responsible for assisting the Vice President with facility rental services and coordination of campus emergency operations, responses, and safety. This position is the first point of contact for internal and external clients seeking support and information from the Facilities group on campus. The incumbent oversees the classroom scheduling, and assists with bond projects and Facilities/Capital projects that pertain to the campuses. Responsibilities also include coordination with District Police, Grounds, Maintenance, Campus Technology Support Services, and Custodial Departments to ensure that all events on campus are supported. Duties and Responsibilities/Specific to Position: 1\. Serve as liaison with internal and external users in schedules and pricing for use of college facilities for rental of classrooms, theater, lecture halls, athletic facilities, the student center, gymnasium and other areas of campus for special events. 2\. Coordinate facility usage in collaboration with various departments including custodial, police, grounds, maintenance, and academic departments. 3\. Maintain detailed records of facility usage and update facilities database using district software. 4\. Collect and file indemnification and insurance forms from external facility users. 5\. Prepare billing notices/invoices for all users of facilities and insure payment of rental and/or direct service costs such as custodial, police services, grounds workers, maintenance workers, theater technicians, and locker room attendants, etc. 6\. Maintain and oversee the campus classroom-booking and campus event schedule. 7\. Coordinate facilities scheduled maintenance and prepare related documents, reports and minutes. 8\. Assist in selecting and evaluating classroom and office furniture, fixture, and equipment vendors; act as the contact person for vendors in projects related to facilities. 9\. Prepare and monitor department budget and projections for facilities usage. 10\. Provide support and coordination in programs of campus safety, OSHA requirements, and chemical and hazardous materials operations. 11\. Participate in the business continuity planning and emergency operations. 12\. Assist and coordinate the setup and operation of lighting, sound, and staging for theater events. 13\. Provide support to external agencies, such as Fire Department, Police, Red Cross, and other related organizations for campus events and activities. 14\. Perform other related duties as assigned. Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities: EMPLOYMENT STANDARDS Knowledge of: 1\. Concepts, techniques, procedures, and policies applicable to facilities usage areas. 2\. Principles of time management and project coordination. 3\. Advanced principles and procedures of recording keeping and reporting. 4\. Federal and state laws and regulations related to OSHA and hazardous materials. 5\. Generally accepted financial accounting methods, practices, and public sector accounting practices and procedures. 6\. Enterprise application software and MS Office such as Word, Excel spreadsheets. 7\. Modern office practices, procedures and equipment including computer operation. 8\. Oral and written communication skills. Skills and Ability to: 1\. Coordinate facility usage with sufficient logistics skills. 2\. Perform complex computations and statistics using mathematics skills. 3\. Perform responsible and difficult administrative work involving the use of independent judgement and personal initiative. 4\. Interpret and apply administrative and departmental policies and procedures. 5\. Write reports, proposals, business correspondence and procedure manuals. 6\. Maintain and update multiple budgets. 7\. Exercise patience and discretion in communications with others inside and outside the District. 8\. Communicate effectively both orally and in writing and make presentations. 9\. Establish and maintain cooperative and effective working relationships with others. 10\. Work independently with little supervision; prioritize work and meet schedules. Minimum Qualifications: EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE 1\. Associate's degree or equivalent from an accredited college or university. 2\. Two years of responsible and professional work in facilities administration, accounting, or public administration. 3\. Demonstrated sensitivity, knowledge, and understanding of the diverse academic, socioeconomic, gender, gender identity, cultural, disability, and ethnic backgrounds of the students we serve ;and sensitivity to and knowledge and understanding of groups historically underrepresented, and groups who may have experienced discrimination. 4\. Success integrating diversity as appropriate into the major duties outlined in the job description and in the duties listed in the District's hiring policy; or demonstrated equivalent transferable skills to do so. Licenses and Certificates: 1\. Possession of a valid California Class C Driver's license. Desired Qualifications: 1\. Bilingual abilities, desirable. 2\. Bachelor's degree in Accounting, Business Administration, Finance or related field. 3\. Working knowledge of facility management application FUSION. WORKING CONDITIONS Environment: 1\. Typical office environment. Physical Demands: 1\. Dexterity of hands and fingers to operate a computer keyboard. 2\. Hearing and speaking to exchange information in person or on the telephone. 3\. Vision sufficient to read a variety of materials About San Jose/Evergreen Community College District - Classified: The District is represented by dedicated and talented employees who are passionate about providing our student population with the best educational experience possible. The District recognizes that cultural diversity in the academic environment promotes academic excellence; fosters cultural, racial and human understanding; provides positive roles models for all students, and creates an inclusive and supportive educational and work environment for its employees, students, and the community it serves. As of fall 2017, with enrollment of approximately 18,500 per semester, and an extremely diverse student population (Hispanic/Latino 44%, Black/African- American 4%, Asian/Pacific Islander 32%, American Indian/Native American 0.5%, White/Caucasian 11%) attaining educational goals reflecting 45% - AA Degree and Transfer to a 4-Year College/ University, the District's emphasis on student success makes it a recognized educational leader in the State. The District encourages a diverse pool of applicants to serve as colleagues to an existing diverse classified staff consisting of 41% Hispanic/Latino, 26% Asian/Pacific Islander, 5% Black/African American, 1% American Indian/Native American, 22% White/Caucasian, and as well as encouraging applications from all qualified, outstanding applicants. For full application instructions and position description, visit https://www.edjoin.org/Home/JobPosting/1078233 Copyright ©2017 Jobelephant.com Inc. All rights reserved. Posted by the FREE value-added recruitment advertising agency jeid-a24a1a862ea1b94ab05a26fcfcad45cd