The Server Applications Database Administrator performs business and technical analyses, defect repair, data correction, testing, ad hoc reporting, and complex database development and maintenance. Works so that all applications are available to customers at least 98% of the time. Coordinates with the designated IT team and business customers to accomplish work. May serve in a consulting role on technology projects. Complies with IT Technology Roadmap, technology standards, IT’s Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs), approved Project Management Life Cycle (PMLC) and Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) documentation for the analysis, requirements, design, development, testing, and deployment of customer applications; quality standards for deployment into production; systems availability standards; and staff productivity standards. Participates in succession planning to ensure uninterrupted business continuity. Prepares detailed analyses and reports. Performs on-call duties as needed. Works alternate schedule including nights and weekends as needed. Works under moderate supervision with some latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment. Maintains a reliable, predictable work schedule. May serve as backup to the Server Applications Team Lead or Manager. Performs other duties as assigned to maintain IT operations. Essential Job Functions: 1\. Provide application support (defect and data repairs, ad hoc reporting, and maintenance) for all LTC non-mainframe applications so that applications are available at least 98% of the time. Ensures that all work performed, including work internally generated and telephone calls, is approved in advance, is based upon Help Desk Ticket or ITCR, excluding emergencies required to sustain system operations, or Customer Action Request and Defect Database (CARDD). Completes Systems Integration Testing (SIT), User Acceptance Testing (UAT), Regression Testing (RT) and Load/Stress Testing (LST) for all application support assignments. Ensures that after a deployment, no application supported by the employee is down more than 2 to 4 hours during a single business day excluding circumstances beyond employee’s control. Works with a sense of quality to ensure that defects and maintenance are prioritized, repaired, tested, accepted by customers. Prepares an IT System Performance Incident Report (SPIR) for every system outage or other extraordinary event affecting systems performance. (45%) 2.Plan, organize, and prioritize applications support (defect repairs, ad hoc reports, and maintenance) for all non-mainframe applications or other assignment approved by the AM Manager or Team Lead. Alerts the AM Manager of system down time within 15 minutes after detection. Assists the AM Manager and Team Lead as they collaborate with Manager to develop a Transition to Maintenance Plan (T2MP) for every non-mainframe application development project. (25%) 3. Perform systems analysis and development activities to evaluate application solutions supporting customer requirements, changes in systems requirements, software releases, equipment configurations, and relationships/dependencies between systems (e.g., analyzing federal and state regulations regarding automation, researching technical solutions, and performing needs assessments). Ensures that all analysis work is completed in accordance with approved policies, procedures, and standards for Configuration Management, Testing Management, and SDLC methods. Resolves within 2 to 3 business days after receipt or duration coordinated with the Manager, Team Lead, and customer. (20%) 4. Ensure compliance with all Federal, State, and agency laws, rules, policies, and procedures including SOPs that govern HHSC IT. Does not disclose or discuss confidential or sensitive information acquired while performing assigned duties without express written approval with no exceptions as verified and validated by the Manager. Complies with, and guides staff to comply with, all laws, rules, policies, and procedures including. Contribute to teamwork and unit harmony. Promote an image of IT excellence and communicate effectively. (10%) Knowledge Skills Abilities: 1\. Knowledge of laws, rules, and regulations relevant to information technology in Texas. 2. Knowledge of the Project Management Institute’s (PMI) project management life cycle. 3. Knowledge of the principles, practices, and techniques of software development and the full software development life cycle (SDLC). 4. Knowledge of the Texas Project Delivery Framework. 5. Knowledge of industry accepted software engineering practices and life cycle methods. 6. Knowledge of the limitations and capabilities of computer systems, information technology equipment, applicable programming languages, computer hardware and software, and computer operating systems. 7. Skill communicating with varied levels of staff and end users to develop positive effective working relationships and to establish credibility, trust, and confidence. 8. Skill ensuring code matches business requirements. 9. Skill using Oracle, Sybase, Informatica, and PERL, to design, develop, code, test, troubleshoot, and repair databases. 10. Ability to produce accurate, high-quality results. 11. Ability to use personal computers or laptops released by manufacturers within the last four years and Microsoft Office 2010 or greater including Excel, Internet Explorer, Outlook, PowerPoint, Word, Visio (or equivalent) and SharePoint. 12. Ability to analyze software applications, defects, and business problems to draw evidence-based conclusions and devise innovative solutions. 13. Ability to communicate effectively both verbally and in writing, to serve as a technical consultant to technical colleagues, to clearly and accurately document relevant issues, and to prepare accurate, concise, reliable reports. 14. Ability to code, test, and implement fixes on application-based deliverables and/or batch processes. 15. Ability to work under pressure and successfully manage multiple overlapping deadlines. 16. Ability to contribute to teamwork and unit harmony. 17. Ability to accept suggestions for improvement and take steps to continuously improve one’s own performance and conduct. Registration or Licensure Requirements: N/A Initial Selection Criteria: Graduation from an accredited College or University with a degree in computer science, computer information systems, management information systems, or a related field. Graduation from an accredited high school or GED plus four years of relevant full time, paid work experience may substitute for degree. Four to five (4-5) years’ database administration/development experience with Oracle, Sybase, Informatica, PERL, and UNIX systems. Experience with HHSC IT applications may be helpful. Additional Information: Military Job Code(s): 25B, IT, 275, 0171, 3D0X2 Responsibilities include after-hours pager support for monitoring batch jobs and downtime. MOS Code: 25B, IT, 275, 0171, 3D0X2 HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work. I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form. In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview.