Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. Facebook is seeking a highly quantitative, driven, and creative Business Operations Analyst. This position will require cross-functional coordination across a number of groups, including Content, Product, Business Development, Analytics, Marketing, and Finance teams. The successful candidate will combine strategic planning and decision making with deep data analytics and insights. The ideal candidate will be passionate about Oculus and virtual reality, have a demonstrated interest in data and technology, and be highly analytical. This role will challenge the candidate to understand and impact many facets of business strategy and operations, including financial forecasting, goal setting, market sizing, competitive benchmarking, executive reporting, and strategic decision making. RESPONSIBILITIES Track, predict, and improve key monetization drivers of the Oculus business, with an emphasis on building a successful long-term virtual reality business Develop a deep, quantitative and qualitative understanding of Oculus’ user and developer base to identify opportunities to grow the Oculus ecosystem Own executive reporting for relevant areas Proactively come up with new lenses to examine the business and rally cross- functional teams to act on insights Model the return of investment profile of high-impact, programs, deals and partnerships Partner with the digital store and content teams and inform high-impact operational decisions such as feature prioritization, pricing and promotions Analyze virtual reality industry trends and develop long term business plans to influence Oculus’ strategic roadmap Conduct high priority analyses and present recommendations to business leaders across the organization, including the Oculus executive team and members of Facebook Finance such as the CFO MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS B.S. or M.S. in business-related or quantitative field (Economics, Finance, Math, Engineering, or similar discipline) 2+ years of experience in business strategy, finance, analytics or sales planning Experience turning problem statements into structured solutions and partner cross-functionally to act on them Experience in Excel & PowerPoint Experience shifting priorities while maintaining a high degree of organization and control Communication and interpersonal experience PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Experience in strategy consulting with a focus on technology Experience in SQL/Tableau