Description THE POSITION: The City of Hayward is excited to announce its recruitment for the position of Sustainability Specialist. This journey-level classification performs a wide variety of complex, non-routine functions in support of the Utilities and Environmental Services Department. Incumbents require knowledge of basic principles and methods of one or more technical or professional fields in order to perform the duties and functions of the position. This position is distinguished from similar City-wide classifications in that it has responsibility for a specialized program. THE DEPARTMENT The core mission of the Utilities & Environmental Services Department is to provide water, wastewater, and solid waste/recycling services to Hayward residents and businesses and to implement the City's Climate Action Plan. The Department plays a central role in meeting the City's goal of becoming a more environmentally sustainable community through water and energy use efficiency, renewable energy sources, and reducing greenhouse gas emissions. Essential Duties Duties may include, but are not limited to, the following: Develop, coordinate, and implement program activities of a technical area of assignment related to department activities and programs. Respond to requests for documentation related to assigned area of responsibility; explain and interpret assignment area policies and procedures to internal or external customers. Assist supervisory and other professional staff in performing and conducting studies, special projects, administrative and technical functions; perform data collection, research and analysis; prepare draft reports and technical documents; provide project oversight for the less complex or community projects. Assist with the development of requests for proposals and contract administration. Plan, prioritize, assign, supervise and review the work of administrative support staff involved in duties related to area of assignment. Establish and maintain systems related to assigned technical area of responsibility; monitor area activities and report progress as required. Ensure areas of responsibilities are in compliance with related laws, codes, ordinances, and legislation; advise staff of any irregularities in compliance. Review, verify and process documents related to department activities including budgets, contracts, grants, claims, legislation, purchasing, and other specialized documents based on area of assignment. Establish and maintain a wide variety of complex filing and reporting systems as necessary; develop record keeping procedures; provide relevant information to relevant parties; prepare and type correspondence; compile and type reports. Compile and develop information for special studies and reports from a variety of resources; collect, compile and report findings and recommendations. Assist with the testing, implementation and maintenance of new/upgraded software technologies and systems; maintain a variety of databases. Assist supervisor and managers with a variety of administrative operations; prepare, recommend and implement procedural modifications. Coordinate and assist in the development and administration of a department budget, and as assigned, preparation of grant and loan documents; prepare budget reports; compile annual budget requests; monitor and classify expenditures; track and reconcile bills; produce budget reports; and research and resolve discrepancies. Develop and implement assigned public outreach events and activities, some of which may occur simultaneously. Draft and process authorized consultant and service agreements. Assist in seeking and writing grant applications. Keep notes and provide summaries of meetings attended. Implement a wide range of long and short-term sustainability projects to help implement the Climate Action Plan (CAP). Create and maintain databases and complex spreadsheets for tracking various project data; greenhouse gas emissions inventory data; and Climate Action Plan progress. Represent the City at countywide public education and outreach meetings, review collaborative projects and provide comments that support City standards, professionalism, goals and initiatives. Write electronic newsletter articles on assigned topics. Create web pages, flyers, brochures, and assist with the development of educational and training videos as needed. Represent the City at local and regional events and festivals. Assist with volunteer recruitment. Assist with implementation of community programs, as assigned, including preparation of reports, outreach materials and program records. Independently respond to letters, e-mail, general correspondence, and drop-in visitors from the public based on areas of assignment. Coordinate and prepare reports and presentation materials for City staff, community groups, and appointed or elected bodies. Make presentations to City staff, community groups, and appointed or elected bodies. May perform a wide variety of complex, responsible, secretarial, administrative and technical duties for executive staff and other management personnel including providing routine analytical support. Build and maintain positive working relationships with co-workers, other City employees and the public using principles of good customer service. Perform related duties as assigned. JOB RELATED AND ESSENTIAL QUALIFICATIONS Knowledge of: Principles and practices of administrative and/or technical area to which assigned. Principles and practices of intermediate analytical research and project coordination. Modern office equipment, methods, procedures, and computer hardware and software. Principles of budget monitoring. Techniques and principles of effective interpersonal communication. Principles and methods of business letter and report writing. Principles and practices of safety management. Pertinent local, state and federal laws, codes, ordinances, City functions, policies, rules and regulations. General functions and objectives of municipal government. Research methods and techniques. Computer software, including word processing, data base, spreadsheet and presentation applications. English usage, spelling, punctuation and grammar, arithmetic, basic mathematical calculations, statistics and statistical methods. Report writing techniques. Ability to: Independently perform a variety of technical duties including research, compilation and report development in support of assigned department or program. Intermittently review documents related to department operations; observe, identify and problem solve office operations and procedures; understand, interpret and explain department policies and procedures; explain operations and problem solve office issues for the public and with staff. Operate a personal computer utilizing spreadsheet, word processing and database software at an intermediate to advanced level. Collect, compile, analyze and present a variety of data in a meaningful way. Develop and implement various data collection and reporting systems. Interpret, apply and explain laws, rules, codes, City policies and procedures. Work with county and regional level entities and understand and apply their rules and regulations. Understand and translate City policies and practices into everyday working practices; make sound decisions with solid problem solving methods. Assist with supervision, training and evaluation of assigned administrative support staff. Understand and interpret complex policies, procedures and regulations. Review documents and operational procedures; interpret, identify, explain and problem solve issues and recommend corrective action. Obtain information through interview; handle multiple project assignments; and deal firmly and courteously with the public. Analyze situations quickly and objectively to determine proper course of action. Understand the organization and operations of the City and of outside agencies as necessary to assume assigned technical responsibilities. Coordinate the development and monitoring of an assigned program project budget; project, track and reconcile expenses. Compose professional quality correspondence and letters; write highly technical, detailed and analytical reports. Maintain a high level of confidentiality of a wide range of sensitive information when involved with human resources, payroll, or other confidential issues. Use principles of effective office safety, including use of equipment in a proper and safe manner, use of preventative personal ergonomic techniques, and maintenance of safe housekeeping in personal and common workspaces. Be an integral team player, which involves flexibility, cooperation and communication. Establish and maintain effective working relationships with those contacted in the course of work. Communicate clearly and concisely, both orally and in writing. Minimum Qualifications EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE Any combination equivalent to experience and education that could likely provide the required knowledge and abilities would be qualifying. A typical way to obtain the knowledge and abilities would be: Experience: Three (3) years of responsible high level administrative support or technical experience, preferably in the subject area to which assigned. One (1) year of lead supervisory experience is highly desirable. Education: Equivalent to a Bachelor's degree from an accredited college with course work in sustainability, environmental science, public administration, business administration, biology or a related field based on area of assignment. Licenses and Certificates: Possess and maintain a valid California driver's license. Supplemental Information PROBATIONARY PERIOD: One (1) Year SELECTION PROCEDURE Candidates must submit a completed City of Hayward job application, copy of college transcript(s) indicating related coursework and responses to the Supplemental Questionnaire, which fully describe the nature of their professional experience and qualifications. _Applications submitted without all required materials will not be considered._ Based on the information provided, those best qualified may be invited to the next phase of the process, which may include an oral, practical, and/or written examination. The examination process will result in a ranked eligible register of candidates for hiring consideration by the department. Actual hire depends on success in the departmental selection process. Candidates under final consideration for employment with the City should expect to undergo an employment background/reference check that may include, but is not limited to: employment history, confirmation of educational credentials and degrees, licenses including driver's license, registrations, certificates, and other credentials as part of the appointment process. Some positions, depending on the nature of the work, also require a credit check and a review of Summary Criminal History obtained from the State Department of Justice through Live Scan Fingerprinting. _Applicants will be notified electronically via Government Jobs as to their status in the selection process. It is the responsibility of the applicant to ensure they can receive email notice from Neogov/Government Jobs and the City of Hayward._ Date Of Examination(s): Oral Panel Interviews - 9/26/2018 The City of Hayward reserves the right to modify the selection process as necessary to conform to administrative or business necessity. APPLICATIONS Candidates are encouraged to apply online at www.hayward-ca.gov under the Current Vacancies tab or at www.GovernmentJobs.com. Paper applications can be obtained by visiting the Human Resources Department at Hayward City Hall located at 777 B Street, Hayward, CA 94541. Office hours are Monday through Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Apply prior to the closing time of the job announcement and allow at least one (1) hour to submit your application if you are a new user to the system. Our on-line application system is provided by Government Jobs. If you have problems while applying online, please contact the Government Jobs Help Desk at (855) 524-5627. _The City of Hayward is an Equal Opportunity Employer_