A Data Entry Specialist at zulily is responsible for supporting teams of Merchandise Managers, Buyers and Assistant Buyers. The incumbent will provide administrative support to our teams in order ultimately excite and delight Mom. The Data Entry Specialist is responsible for supporting their team to ensure high accuracy and delivery of high quality results in our daily operations. Our ideal Data Entry Specialist is detail oriented, and comfortable working in cross-functional teams. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES/CORE ACCOUNTABILITIES Review events for accuracy and compliance Data Entry pertaining to relevant needs of the business Comparison Shopping _(act of data gathering)_ Dropping images Uploading vendor docs Downloading vendor images from websites Tracking and processing samples Checking samples and comparing against vendor doc Compiling data Ability to remain flexible and willing to change strategies as business needs dictate QUALIFICATIONS QUALIFICATIONS Associate’s degree or equivalent in relative work experience (BA preferred) Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite Strong proficiency in MS Excel Clear and effective written and verbal communication and strong interpersonal skills Strong attention to detail Strong organization skills Aptitude to learn new processes and systems quickly PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS Individuals may need to sit or stand as needed. May require walking primarily on a level surface for periodic periods throughout the day. Reaching above shoulder heights, below the waist or lifting as required to file documents or store materials throughout the work day. Proper lifting techniques required. May include lifting up to 25 pounds for files, computer printouts, and merchandise on occasion. Primary environment: ambient room temperatures, lighting and traditional office equipment as found in a typical office environment. The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. zulily is an Equal Opportunity Employer zulily participates in E-Verify. zulily will provide the Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) with information from each new employee's I-9 to confirm work authorization. Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. You may reach us at (206) 388-0920.