IT professional experienced in .NET programming, Xamarin, Microsoft Azure, UWP, relational and no-SQL storage solutions. The individual will be responsible for developing new applications/processes, and extending and maintaining existing applications/processes. The development team owns the full software life-cycle of the project. The role therefore includes understanding requirements, interacting with clients directly, design/code/test/implement and production support of the platform. Self-starter with ability to build working relationships and ability to work effectively in a fast-paced environment. Willingness to take full ownership and drive projects and tasks to completion. Review, discuss and work within agreed timescales and provide feedback to project managers as necessary. Participate in continuous improvement activities by identifying and appropriately escalating process and product quality gaps, providing solutions when possible. Other duties as assigned by Management. Required Skills Required Skills Desired Skills and/or Abilities: Ability to build / troubleshoot / maintain an automated Dev Ops pipeline Azure Resource Manager and automated deployments to the Azure cloud network Experience / Knowledge of .Net Core and .Net Standard Experience / Knowledge of Azure Service Fabric – Reliable Services MVC / MVVM Design Patterns Experience with ASP.Net, MVC Design Pattern, Universal Windows Platform, Xamarin Understanding of MAM and application containerization Other Skills and/or Abilities: Strong problem solving and logic skills. Able to assist other Developers as necessary. Strong verbal and written communication skills. Excellent interpersonal skills and collaborative style Required Experience Required Experience Education/Training (or equivalent): Bachelor’s Degree in Information Systems, Computer Science or equivalent preferred, but comparable work experience will be considered. Experience (Type of work experience, minimum number of years): Minimum of 10 years total software development experience, with at least 5 of those years leveraging Agile methodology. Minimum 7 years of experience programming with the .NET framework and C, with the most recent experience being .Net framework 4.0 or later. Proven abilities throughout the entire SDLC, including requirements gathering and quality assurance Proven experience in test-first, continuous delivery, leveraging Visual Studio and TFS/Team Services Financial services experience, particularly with Collateralized Debt Obligations (CDOs) or fixed income/structured finance instruments.