CB2 is transforming the perception of home design for today's modern consumer. Born out of Crate and Barrel, CB2 is a committed to high-quality, sophisticated design at an approachable price. Located in downtown Chicago, CB2 offers an engaging, collaborative work environment. If you're creative, team spirited and have a passion for modern design, then join the team as a Senior Customer Analytic Manager, CB2 in our Marketing Department. Lead analytic exercises using various advanced modeling and statistical techniques, including sales response modeling, customer/contact segmentation strategies, acquisition/retention modeling, customer lifetime value metrics, offer effectiveness and channel optimization. Drive the development of analytics initiatives that convert raw data into actionable intelligence using an understanding of business strategy or business problems/questions posed and analytics experience. Actively understand, manipulate and analyze complex data sets through hands-on analyses and by leading a team of direct or indirect reports. Lead projects that increase the department’s technical capabilities, improve data structures and/or data integrity, and promote new strategic efforts as defined by the company’s senior management team. Collaborate with internal and external vendors to provide analytical services to marketing teams. Develop and maintain analyses and models that enable the company to market or operate more efficiently. Proactively identify business issues and develop creative solutions. Champion the customer centric approach by partnering with executive leadership and cross functional partners by providing them with the necessary data and insight to consistently measure our products, processes and experiences. Lead and participate in the daily operations of the Customer Analytics team, including the review of data integrity audits, database update schedules, data exchanges with vendors and data enhancements. Define, create, maintain, and analyze reports produced by Customer Analytics and review and analyze data provided by vendors who support Customer Analytics. Develop, maintain and manage existing and future statistical models used by the Marketing Department. Study and detect trends and articulate through reporting. Maintain the ability to work in a fast-paced, “self-starter” environment, serving and managing multiple work streams simultaneously. Maintain an awareness of competitive information and key industry trends to provide context for the performance analysis of the company’s websites. Prioritize work and present analyses that lead to business decisions that drive profitable growth. Manage all aspects of performance and development of potential direct reports, to encourage professional growth. Inspire, motivate and grow direct reports through opportunities and clear and constructive feedback. Develop and foster collaborate working relationships across various business units at multiple levels of the organization, including senior leadership team.