Senior Manager, Business Analytics & Data Warehouse Role The Senior Manager, Business Analytics & Data will be responsible for the design, development, implementation and ongoing management of enterprise analytics and data management. This role is responsible for leading global Business Intelligence, Data Warehousing and Big Data delivery across multiple functional areas with direct management of internal and external teams with global footprint. This individual will act as a change agent and an ambassador for the Global Analytics team, promoting adoption of analytics based business insights leading to better business decisions. In this capacity they will also act as a strategic advisor to PerkinElmer leadership on the long term global analytics strategy and roadmap and integrate the team towards Big Data and Data Science capabilities. The Senior Manager should have extensive experience in end-to-end information delivery with data warehousing, data modeling, data integration (ETL), data profiling, advance analytics and business intelligence. This role requires an individual who leads by example, is confident, perseverant, inspirational, disciplined and dependable. In addition, this individual needs to be highly collaborative, a strong communicator and always on the lookout for continuous improvement opportunities. The candidate must have the ability to deliver tactical projects while managing issues and thinking strategically. This leadership role is responsible for the growth and engagement of our people including hiring, developing, coaching and performance management. Candidate should have knowledge of leading trends and best practices in Big Data and Data Science and is expected to have expert level understanding of various tools and technology that enable business insights. Responsibilities Ensure alignment with global business teams in delivery of analytics and core business insights. Collaborate with various product owners from business working with various Agile teams. Leads and facilitates business and technical requirements gathering ensuring a healthy product backlog. Assists team with defining target solution design and architecture Manage governance and delivery of reliable and timely business data with the focus on ease of use. Build a team and provides leadership and expertise in the design and delivery of Agile business intelligence and data warehousing solutions built on sound core principles, adhering to industry best practices Define, configure and optimize various processes and stages of analytics and advanced analytics delivery leveraging Big Data platform. Understands technology and functional domains around BI, DW and Big Data environment components and applies that knowledge to the Solution Architectures and technology roadmaps. Defines and advises as required on data analytics vendor, tool selection and implementation Collaborates with the enterprise architecture team to ensure that the data management principles and assumptions are aligned to IT strategy Champions continuous improvement Assist the data governance function across organization Collaborate with the Data Strategy team to ensure that the Master Data Management hubs reflect the best available enterprise-wide data. Proactively foresee, plan and lead enhancements, implementations, operations & support. Lead and own automated operations from data ingestion to data provisioning using tools. Build a knowledge base for the enterprise-wide data flows and processes around them. Manage and build in-house technical skills around various analytical tools and Big Data platforms. Define & implement measurable KPIs to gauge ROI and success of enterprise analytics initiative. Supervisory Responsibilities Build and manage a Global Analytics team, hiring the right talent with skills to achieve objectives, setting clear goals and expectations, and providing ongoing coaching and development to expand skills and capabilities . Lead a high performing team with mix of internal and external resources. Education and Experience Bachelor's degree (B.S.) in Computer Science or a related field. Experience Level - 15 or more years in architecture and leadership roles in data management. Relevant Experience BI/DW - Minimum 10 years of intensive hands on experience in Data Warehouse/Business Intelligence design, development, support and operations using some leading tools and technologies. Past experience in leading analytics transformation across finance, manufacturing, supply chain, HR and other functions across a global organization is a plus. Relevant Experience Big Data - Minimum 3 years of intensive hands on experience in Big Data based solutions. Location & Travel Waltham, MA 10% to 15% travel expectation