Announcement Number: 18-13 Court: U.S. Court of Appeals for the First Circuit City, State: Boston, MA Court Website: http://www.ca1.uscourts.gov Permanent Position: Permanent Job Grade: CL 25-27 Minimum Salary: $44,711 Maximum Salary: $80,064 Closing Date: 08/24/2018 Position Description The Circuit Executive's Office for the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit seeks applications for the position of Programmer/Systems Administrator in the Information Technology (IT) Department. The United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit is the court of review for decisions by the district courts within the First Circuit, which includes the Districts of Maine, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, and Puerto Rico. The Court also reviews decisions by federal administrative agencies, the United States Tax Court, and the Bankruptcy Appellate Panel. The Circuit Executive's Office provides policy development, administrative, technical, and staff support to the judges and court units within the First Circuit. This position will remain open until filled. Preference will be given to applications received by August 24, 2018. The Programmer/Systems Administrator performs professional work related to designing, modifying, and adapting existing software, and setting-up and maintaining computer systems. Occasional travel may be required. Representative duties include, but are not limited to: Coordinating with the IT team and court staff to develop and implement applications to automate court operations; Assisting in the planning, design, development, acquisition, operation, integration, and maintenance of various applications, equipment, and networks operating within the First Circuit; Creating, maintaining, and enhancing applications using a variety of programming languages; Developing custom reports for multiple departments within the various court units; Administering, maintaining, and supporting the Case Management/Electronic Case Filing (CM/ECF) program; Performing other duties as assigned. Qualification Minimum Qualifications: Knowledge of / familiarity with some or all the following programming languages: HTML, PERL, PHP, Java, Javascript, VB, VBScript, XML, JASON and Web Services; Knowledge of / familiarity with some or all the following technologies: Informix Dynamic Server, MS SQL Enterprise server, MySQL, MS Access, Microsoft (MS) Windows Server (2008 and above), Linux, MS Share Point, Drupal, IIS, Apache, MS Office (2010 and above); At least one year of specialized work experience that is in, or closely related to, the work of the position and which has demonstrated the particular knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform the duties of the position. Preferred Qualifications: A bachelor's degree in computer science, management information systems, or related discipline is preferred; Certifications in systems management and database administration are also preferred; Experience with CM/ECF is strongly desired; Ability to work both independently, with limited supervision, as well as in a team environment; Strong organizational skills and proven ability to prioritize multiple demands and meet established deadlines and commitments; Ability to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing, with a wide variety of people; Attention to detail, and the ability to exercise common sense and good judgment in a fast-paced environment with rapidly shifting priorities. Benefits Federal benefits include paid vacation and sick leave, health benefits, life insurance, flexible benefits program, long-term care, retirement benefits, and a tax-deferred savings plan. Miscellaneous The successful candidate is subject to a background check or investigation, which includes an FBI fingerprint check, as a condition of employment. Employee retention depends upon a favorable suitability determination. An applicant must be a United States citizen or permanently eligible to work in the United States. The Federal Financial Management Reform Act requires direct deposit of federal wages. All court employees are required to adhere to a Code of Conduct. Successful completion of a six-month probationary period is required. All Court of Appeals employees are "at will" employees and serve at the pleasure of the Court. The Court will only communicate with those qualified individuals who will be invited for an interview. The Court reserves the right to modify the conditions of this job announcement, or to withdraw the announcement, either of which may occur without prior written or other notice. If a subsequent vacancy of the same or similar characteristics to this position becomes available within a reasonable time of the original announcement, the Court may elect to select a candidate from the original qualified applicant pool. EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER How To Apply Submit the following documents: (1) cover letter, (2) resume, and (3) completed AO-78, Application for Federal Judicial Branch Employment (version dated 10/09) to: Joanne M. Cull, Human Resources Administrator Office of the Circuit Executive U.S. Court of Appeals for the First Circuit John Joseph Moakley U.S. Courthouse 1 Courthouse Way, Suite 3700 Boston, MA 02210 Applications will also be accepted via email, in pdf format only, to: ijobs@ca1.uscourts.gov The application form (AO-78) is available at: http://www.ca1.uscourts.gov/sites/ca1/files/AO078.pdf Note : Applications that do not include all requested information will be deemed incomplete and will not be considered.