Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Seattle, WA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA Developer Advocates for Google Cloud Platform (GCP) are experts who are passionate representatives of our technologies to our communities and vocal proponent of those communities back within Google. Our goal is to increase awareness, mindshare, and adoption of GCP. Advocates accomplish this by creating impactful and relevant content (blogs, presentations, demos, etc) and engaging with communities (developers, people doing data science, etc) online or at events. To drive feedback back into the product teams and improve our offerings, Advocates work closely with Product Managers and Software Engineering teams. In this way, Advocates help drive strategy around Developer Relations. As a Developer Advocate Manager you'll focus on on Data Analytics and Big Data topics. You are a technology practitioner, with a background in software development, who thrives on learning new technologies, explaining it in simple terms that convey both technical and business value propositions, and who also loves guiding and mentoring a team for career growth and impact. Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another. Responsibilities Create plans and initiatives that create momentum and drive the success of Google Cloud Platform through your knowledge of, and interactions with, key third-party technical communities. Advocate for your community internally and influence Google Cloud product strategy and craft narratives around new products and features by working with Product Management, Engineering, PR, Marketing, Business Development and other cross-functional teams. Build and foster an external ‘community ecosystem’ of influencers, meetups, experts that amplify our messages and extend our reach. Manage a team of Advocates spanning a range of levels. Create a working environment that promotes employee career growth, team health, and impact. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Computer Science or a similar technical field or equivalent practical experience. 8 years of software engineering or development experience, with coding experience. Experience working with Data Analytics and Data Science frameworks and practices, such as: “R”, Apache Spark, SparkML, Hadoop, analyzing large datasets using an analytical database, processing large datasets, etc. Experience working directly with partners or third party developers, and advocating or mentoring for new and existing technologies and programming languages. Preferred qualifications: 10 years of software engineering or development experience, with coding experience. 3 years of experience as a people manager. Experience deploying a Data Analytics-based product or service. Experience as a software developer, architect, technical advocate, consultant, community manager, product manager, CTO, or consultant working with various platforms. Relevant work experience speaking at technology conferences, blogging/writing technical articles with an existing follower base, or contributing to an open source project. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.