About the role The Solutions Development team designs, deploys and tests solutions such as web services, applications and enterprise portals to meet client needs. This team works closely with the technical leadership and functional teams to fully understand the requirements of the project. Members of the Solution Development team also participate in client relationships, develops proposals and assists in marketing efforts. As a Solutions Development Consultant, you will work on designing solution components of medium size and complexity. This includes performing basic support and debugging functions, while maintaining existing applications. You will contribute to our solution knowledge repository and may be responsible for program and/or staff management as needed. Day-to-day, you will: Participate in all phases of projects from defining technical, operational and user requirements, to planning, quality control and testing Create conceptual architecture and develop solution options against the design Partner with cross-functional technology teams to integrate solutions Coordinate with offshore resources as needed Travel as required by business. About you You are a talented software developer who is able to communicate clearly with non-technical audiences. While passionate about technology, you have a strong business sensibility and ability to connect well with clients. Your technical background likely includes experience: Analyzing, designing, developing, implementing and maintaining application code in a variety of contexts Developing client premise-based and/or web-based software solutions With application development, complex code development, application testing and component design. Your non-technical background likely includes: Ability to connect with external clients Experience working with global teams Proficient ability to communicate complex information to technical and non-technical stakeholders Solid written and spoken English skills. You likely have at least two years of relevant experience and a Bachelor’s Degree in computer science, computer engineering, management information systems or a related field. About Avanade Avanade leads in providing innovative digital services, business solutions and design-led experiences for its clients, delivered through the power of people and the Microsoft ecosystem. Our professionals combine technology, business and industry expertise to build and deploy solutions to realize results for clients and their customers. Avanade has 27,000 digitally connected people across 23 countries, bringing clients the best thinking through a collaborative culture that honors diversity and reflects the communities in which we operate. We welcome all, and seek talented individuals who can bring their whole self to work, build inclusive teams and encourage diversity inside and outside the organization. Majority owned by Accenture, Avanade was founded in 2000 by Accenture LLP and Microsoft Corporation. Learn more at www.avanade.com Qualifications Years of Experience: 2-5 years Management Experience: None Education: Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, MIS or related field Other Skills/Knowledge: Testing, requirements gathering, and project management experience desirable but not required Required Certifications: Requisition ID - 54411 Avanade is the leading provider of innovative digital and cloud-enabling services, business solutions and design-led experiences, delivered through the power of people and the Microsoft ecosystem. Majority owned by Accenture, Avanade was founded in 2000 by Accenture LLP and Microsoft Corporation and has 30,000 professionals in 24 countries. Visit us at www.avanade.com.