Position Summary: As KidKraft continues to expand our business globally, we consistently look for the best and brightest to help drive our strategic agenda and accelerate the company’s results. To this end, we are looking for a Senior Manager, Data Science to add to our Marketing Team who will implement data and analytics solutions, through data science techniques, that solve business problems and create business value. Projects will range in size and scope and will involve working directly with many cross-functional teams on topics such as marketing, pricing, promotions and inventory. Major Responsibilities: Must be able to analyze and establish the cumulative impact of analytics both over short-term and over long-term periods and align to benefits, cost savings, revenue and ROI. Will assist in building a successful deep insights practice that can provide insights cross-functionally as well as into marketing, sales, FP&A;, SO&P;, product design, customer and consumer activities to name a few. Provide analytical thought leadership and bring cutting edge statistical knowledge to solve complex business problems. Partner with IT and related agency to create new Tableau dashboards to democratize insights and data as needed. Provide insights cross-functionally to support strategic decision-making, preparing and delivering insights and recommendations based on analysis. Develop compelling narratives that connect advanced analytics results with client business problems. Design, prototype, implement and test predictive and prescriptive analytic models. Apply, when relevant, artificial intelligence and machine learning techniques to solve complex questions or fuel new business opportunities Uses best practices to understand the data and develop statistical, analytical techniques to build models that address business needs. Lead and create a team of data scientists over time. Other duties as needed Qualifications: Master’s Degree in a related field and 10+ years of advanced analytics experience, including prior experience in the Consumer Products or Retail industry Strong competency for coding in SAS as well as either Python or R. Expert level in at least one of the 3 coding languages. Proven experience in advanced analytics (statistics, simulation, optimization, etc.) Modeling expertise using statistical techniques such as logistic and linear regression, decision trees, neural network or clustering techniques Advanced analytics experience in retail operations analytics, marketing mix modeling, customer analytics, and/or procurement, supply chain and inventory analytics in a retail environment. Ability to prioritize and manage a large volume of projects simultaneously Strong entrepreneurial skill-set, coupled with the ability to work effectively in a mid-size company Relationship builder; partners cross-functionally and works effectively with various levels of the organization; team player with the presence to inspire and coalesce varying points of view Mature management presence and innate desire to find and tackle large analytics problems cross-functionally.