About Black Duck by Synopsys Did you know that Synopsys acquired Black Duck Software? Together we help Over 2000 organizations worldwide secure and manage open source software in their applications and containers. Open source use is growing rapidly and so is Synopsys! We seek a Business Analyst Fall Intern in our Burlington, MA office to create and analyze key business metrics, which will help understand and drive the business. The Business Analyst is responsible for providing reporting, in- depth analysis and operational support to SIG’s various functions and senior management and will serve as the go to person for booking forecasting, territory management, data hygiene and analysis. The ideal candidate will effectively collaborate with stakeholders in Sales, Marketing, Customer Success and Finance to design, develop, or modify processes and/or technologies to deliver operational improvements and insight. This role requires a mixture of business acumen and data analytics expertise. Success in the role will require a self-starter with a passion for collaborating with others to solve problems. General Responsibilities Develop or expand in-depth understanding of Black Duck suite of Promoted Products and relevant advertising revenue metrics Salesforce.com account mapping & matching Account enrichment, cleansing, and validation Salesforce.com report clean up Gather & analyze data, information, and research (e.g., market data, competitive analysis, advertiser/consumer research, etc.) through quantitative and qualitative mechanisms to make decisions on critical strategic issues Help produce, develop, and improve metrics and reporting. Research improvements in methodology, technology and best practices . Qualifications and Experience A highly proactive and independent spirit, ability to drive your initiatives with minimal guidance and input Experience researching and manipulating complex and large data sets Excellent verbal and written communication skills with the ability to develop executive level presentations Expertise in MS Excel, PowerPoint and databases (salesforce, dataloader) Education and Certifications Pursuing BA or MS in Sales, Business Administration, Finance, Marketing, Communications or related field About the Synopsys Software Integrity Group Synopsys Software Integrity Group helps organizations build secure, high- quality software, minimizing risks while maximizing speed and productivity. Synopsys, a recognized leader in application security, provides static analysis, software composition analysis, and dynamic analysis solutions that enable teams to quickly find and fix vulnerabilities and defects in proprietary code, open source components, and application behavior. With a combination of industry-leading tools, services, and expertise, only Synopsys helps organizations maximize security and quality in DevSecOps and throughout the software development life cycle. For more information, go to www.synopsys.com/software. Synopsys considers all applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender preference, national origin, age, disability, or status as a Covered Veteran in accordance with federal law. In addition, Synopsys complies with applicable state and local laws prohibiting discrimination in employment in every jurisdiction in which it maintains facilities. Synopsys Inc. also provides reasonable accommodation to individuals with a disability in accordance with applicable laws.