Our Staffing Specialists tell the story of Google to the world. They care deeply about cultivating relationships, have lively, thoughtful conversations with their candidates, and know our organization and its products well enough to articulate life-changing opportunities. As an expert in the talent needs of our business, you’ll be an adviser to the extraordinary people you find, engage, and guide through Google’s hiring process. By the time you’ve introduced a would-be Googler to our partners in recruiting, they are comfortable, well informed, and excited about the possibilities that await them here. The demands of our company, as it continues to grow and transform the industry, are great. Your analytical mind, curiosity, and sincere approach to your work make you exceptional enough to meet them. Google is known for our innovative technologies, products and services - and for the people behind them. As part of our world-class recruiting team, you're charged with finding the most interesting candidates who bring an entrepreneurial spirit, a sense of scrappiness and a diversity of thought to all they do. You're responsible for guiding candidates through our hiring process and connecting them to the magic of working at Google. You are creative and driven, with an interpersonal savvy that allows you to develop lasting relationships with both candidates and hiring managers. You're also comfortable with numbers and drawing insights from analytics to make our hiring process smarter and more efficient. As an Online Staffing Specialist, you will manage the first step of the online application consideration process by reviewing all resumes submitted by candidates on internal application tracking system. You will be part of a global resume reviewing team, using your recruiting background and ability to quickly calibrate to Google’s hiring standards. You will evaluate and identify the best resumes based on defined criteria in accordance with Google’s hiring guidelines and policies. Your speed and accuracy are critical to ensure that all applicants are carefully considered and assessed in a timely manner, contributing to an overall positive experience that candidates can expect from Google. Moreover, your aptitude for understanding various role-specific qualifications and zeroing in on top talent for further consideration by our recruiting team will help make a visible impact on Google’s ability to achieve its ongoing growth objectives. Great just isn't good enough for our People Operations team (you probably know us better as "Human Resources"). Made up of equal parts HR professionals, former consultants and analysts, we're the champions of Google's colorful culture. In People Ops, we "find them, grow them, and keep them" - we bring the world's most innovative people to Google and provide the programs that help them thrive. Whether recruiting the next great Googler, refining our core programs, developing talent or simply looking for ways to inject some more fun into the lives of our Googlers, we bring a data-driven approach that is reinventing the human resources field. Responsibilities Understand functional hiring needs, position specifications and search requirements to serve as a resume evaluation expert for engineering and operations groups. Partner closely with staffing partners to derive mutually agreeable selection criteria, receive and action on feedback, and deliver a high level of customer service; Partner with recruiters, hiring managers and team members to generate ideas, leverage resources and share information that facilitates an effective screening process. Monitor, review and take action on candidate resumes, accurately screening against defined criteria and recording the outcome of your review appropriately in Google’s applicant tracking system (ATS). Source candidates and/or interview candidates directly, as needed, to gather more information about their skills and experiences. Maintain responsibility for entry, maintenance, and integrity of data in Google’s applicant tracking system. Focus on continuous improvement by using analytics to solve problems, produce solution, and propose new creative ideas. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. 1 year of experience in Human Resources, Staffing or a business environment. 6 months of experience in process improvement, using analytics to solve problems and influence. Preferred qualifications: 2 years of experience in a recruiting, sourcing, or search firm, with familiarity using an applicant tracking system. Ability to take initiative, adapt quickly to changing priorities, work with a high sense of urgency and build strong, productive relationships. Familiarity with office productivity tools, web-based recruiting technologies and Google Apps. Passion for the recruiting industry and a sincere desire to expand your exposure to this field. Excellent communication, interpersonal, organizational and customer service skills. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.