Druva is changing the way companies protect their data. With a service- orientation toward the activities, tasks and processes that make up the day- to-day backup process, we help the modern enterprise protect their data quickly and securely regardless of where it resides, by being instantly available, scalable and easier to use than ever before. We’re disruptive. We work hard but try not to take ourselves too seriously. We are highly adaptable and constantly evolving. We are passionate about our product, and we live for our customers. We have high expectations and a career at Druva means challenging yourself to always be better. Position Summary: As the Security Analyst at Druva, you will identify emerging security trends/standards, regulatory and compliance requirements, and customer security needs as part of an effort to develop, establish and maintain a cohesive security and privacy direction for Druva products, solutions, and services. You will serve as a key member of staff supporting the CISO. You will provide security guidance and support on the existing and future Druva portfolio, solutions (e.g., managed services, cloud computing, etc.), and emerging technology. In addition, you will work with key customers and stakeholders (Product Management/Product Marketing/Sales) to understand their compliance and data security requirements and ecosystems, and to advocate changes and enhancements to Druva teams. This position requires a close working relationship with Druva security/privacy strategy and planning personnel (e.g., CISO, Director of Security and Certifications, Privacy Officer, Legal). You will serve as a security expert for sales teams, other internal groups, customers and professional organizations in various technologies and platforms that affect infrastructure (such as applications, systems, virtualization, cloud, storage, networks, data centers, computing devices, messaging, monitoring systems, etc.) as well as specific areas (cyber security and information assurance; data privacy, and compliance; protection of information assets and systems from current and emerging threats). You will contribute to the development and maintenance of cybersecurity specifications and architectures at the corporate level, create and maintain collateral and business materials (e.g., plans and roadmaps for the life-cycle of the offerings) for the product portfolio. Job Functions: Provide security and risk management services by performing risk identification, assessment, and remediation Acts as a technical consultant on information security items for solution development, service delivery and customer sales activity. Regulatory and internal compliance monitoring using standards and processes as required to adequately protect personnel, facilities, infrastructure, information, and business operations Create, update, and maintain security program documentation Perform system risk assessments, evaluation of products, and review SaaS based services to assess and address risk Define security requirements and review systems to determine if they have been designed to comply with established security standards Assist with the development of technical policies and procedures Assist in defining and executing security projects Research and report on latest information technology security trends Identify and assist in the resolution of hardware and software related security vulnerabilities Define user needs and recommend alternatives Other duties as assigned Primary Qualifications: A minimum of 3 years of experience in the field of Information Security, IT Audit or related disciplines. Ability to interpret and translate business requirements into technical security requirements that meet enterprise security standards and policies. Solid understanding of the commonly-used concepts, practices, and procedures within the Information Security field including, but not limited to operating systems and network security, application security, vulnerability analysis, encryption technologies, intrusion detection, incident response, business continuity management, etc. Experience with conducting Threat and Risk assessments and Vulnerability Assessments of IT systems. Experience with developing and implementing Information Security policies and procedures. Knowledge of best practice security frameworks, commonly used risk assessment methodologies, industry recognized IT audit and controls standards and other industry resources. Practical experience with deployment and/or operation of commonly used information security solutions. University degree or diploma in Computer Systems, Business or related discipline. Strong communication skills including both technical and business writing, documentation and presentation skills. Demonstrable skills in project management. Possession or working toward achieving the following professional qualifications: CISSP, CISA, CISM. Position located at Sunnyvale, CA HQ. Ability to travel approximately 30% in the United States and Internationally.