ExtraHop’s Solutions Architecture team is very different from many other consulting practices—we focus on outcomes and customer success rather than racking up billable hours. As a member of our Solutions Architecture team, you’ll play a critical role in the success of our customers, products and position in the marketplace. Our Architects tackle the most difficult business and technology problems across a vast array of industries and technologies. As a Solutions Architect at ExtraHop, you will never be bored again. Conduct deep technical and business discovery sessions with Fortune 500 customers and develop creative solutions to challenges uncovered. Analyze customer network topologies and application stacks; develop strategies to acquire high-value data from the wire. Profile industry-specific applications across a broad range of verticals; create technical assets and written collateral to support product improvement and marketing efforts. Conduct root cause analysis of high-profile technology problems and advise customers on their resolution. Develop custom tools using Python and JavaScript-based APIs to extend the functionality of the ExtraHop platform. Develop customized data analysis to monitor changing technical and business conditions in real-time. Create rich data visualizations to aid tactical investigations and realize strategic objectives. Design and implement ExtraHop product deployments to maximize time-to-value and ongoing positive technical outcomes. Create automated tools to streamline repeatable processes and maximize time spent building intelligent solutions. Conduct hands-on learning sessions with key customer personnel. Qualifications and Experience We’re looking for a Solutions Architect who can help us grow to the next level as a company. As a starting point for this position, you’ll need the following background: Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience in computer science, engineering, or information technology Minimum of 4 years of experience in Information Technology, particularly networking and systems administration Experience in customer-facing positions; excellent interpersonal skills Understanding of core networking principles (layers 2 through 4 of the OSI model) and application protocols (HTTP, SQL, CIFS/NFS, HL7, Memcache, DNS) Familiarity with principles of internetworked applications and related technologies (HTTP, databases, caching, distributed systems, etc) Experience with scripting languages such as Python and JavaScript Excellent written communication skills Independence, motivation, and desire for practice ownership About ExtraHop At ExtraHop, we create great products because we give talented employees the freedom to be intellectually curious and creative. We seek a diversity of perspectives and foster employee quirkiness and spunk to help drive innovation. Every ExtraHop employee knows that we’re all in this together and that work is an important part of life so it should be fun. A sense of humor is required here, seriously! We are the global leader in real-time wire data analytics , a novel approach to IT Operational Analytics. Our market opportunity is greater than $15B and our solutions span all industries. Pretty neat, huh? If you want to join a fun team that produces award-winning products that provide tremendous business value and delight customers, then ExtraHop is the company for you! Founded by engineers, ExtraHop is a Seattle-based technology company that delivers elegant solutions for the tech industry’s most challenging problems. As a privately held fast-growing technology leader in the $20B IT operations management space, ExtraHop Networks is positioned to be the next great systems company. We are known as innovators who take a smart, creative approach to solving problems. Our ExtraHop team and product line have received many awards, including wins in multiple categories of Best of Interop , a Gold Medal prize in Puget Sound Business Journal’s annual list of Washington’s Best Workplaces , and several Gold Stevie American Business Awards. ExtraHop is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, disability, military status, or national origin or any other characteristic protected under federal, state, or applicable local law.