Do you see data or a better way to improve business and lives? Today, there’s a business advantage hiding in plain sight, and you’ll find it in data. Our Data Engineers know how to use the latest technology to design, evaluate, debug and manage the data that leads to better decisions, a stronger company, and higher customer satisfaction. So if you’re not intimidated by the data explosion, engineer your career here. More than the data on what you’ll be doing. There’s no end to the data that’s created every day and the opportunities you find here. In this role, at a high level, you lead design, development, troubleshooting, evaluation, modification, deployment, and documentation of all data components (data architecture, logical and physical data models, database objects and database administration) that meet the needs of customer- facing applications, business applications, and/or internal end user applications. Here are some of your responsibilities: Determine data architecture for applications and business domains. Document data requirements/data stories; create and maintain data models. Support the management of data assets according to enterprise standards, guidelines and policies. Deliver optimal database solutions to meet customer needs, high performance and availability. Work collaboratively with business and product teams. Identify opportunities to adopt innovative technologies. Lead and mentor a team of data engineers through ongoing development efforts. Qualifications Are you up for the challenge? Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Computer Science Engineering, or related field required; advanced degree preferred. 5-10 years of database development experience in a professional environment and/or comparable experience. Experience leading team of Data Engineers. Hands-on experience in modern data architectures (e.g. Couchbase, Cassandra, Hbase, mongoDB, etc) and various other SQL storage engines. Hands-on experience with design and development across one or more relational database management systems (Oracle, Postgres, DB2, SQL Server) and NOSQL databases (Couchbase, mongoDB, Cassandra, etc.) Fluency in advanced Data Modeling development tools such as ErStudio, ErWin, Toad Data modeler, etc. Experience with In-Memory Computing systems a plus. Experience with distributed/multi-tier systems and application development. Experience in coordinating with multiple infrastructure and production support teams. At the core of Data Engineering Every member of our team must be able to demonstrate the following technical, functional, leadership and business core competencies, including: Agile Practices Database Design Programming Languages and Frameworks SDLC Methodologies and Practices Business Analysis Data Analysis Data Management Analytical Thinking _Employment eligibility to work with American Express in the U.S. is required as the company will not pursue Visa sponsorship for these positions._ ReqID: 18010934 Schedule (Full-Time/Part-Time): Full-time