Skill Level: Possesses, understands, and applies a comprehensive knowledge in area of specialization. Develops understanding and skills to allow for completion of assignments that cross fields of specialization. Develops leadership and management skills. Duties: Reviews progress and evaluates results of experiments or projects under control or supervisory responsibility. Recommends changes in research procedure. May be responsible for a single highly technical and complex piece of research equipment. Supervision: Receives supervision. May plan for and assign personnel to projects under control. May review and evaluate the effectiveness of personnel. Operates with latitude for Qualifications Ph.D. Degree with o years experience. Experience preferred, but not required. A wide variety of disciplinary backgrounds will be considered (including computer science, communication, organizational behavior, psychology, physics, design, economics and political science) but facility with handling and analysis of large data sets, a taste for novelty, and an interest in working collaboratively across disciplines is a must. Additional Information: One postdoctoral position in computational social science is available at the University of Houston, to work with Dr. Ryan Kennedy. Candidates will be expected to work on a combination of their own research and a collaborative project within the lab. The collaborative project deals with the Intelligence Advanced Research Activity's (IARPA) Hybrid Forecasting Competition (HFC). The tasks are wide-ranging and include: designing and evaluating recommender systems for matching analysts to political forecasting tasks, designing and evaluating statistical forecasting models for prediction, and media monitoring for detection of major events. Key conceptual foci will range from the application of machine learning to social science tasks, political forecasting/prediction, political communication and collective action. A wide variety of disciplinary backgrounds will be considered (including computer science, communication, organizational behavior, psychology, physics, design, economics and political science) but facility with handling and analysis of large data sets, a taste for novelty, and an interest in working collaboratively across disciplines is a must. Compensation will be competitive. Salary : $2,155.00 - $3,178.00 Required Attachments by Candidate : Curriculum Vitae, Cover Letter/Letter of Application Employee Status : Regular/Benefits Job Posting : Aug 3, 2018, 3:23:16 PM