The Senior IT Security Compliance Analyst will be responsible for supporting the IT Security Compliance Manager in developing and implementing appropriate policies, procedures and programs (i.e. risk assessments, internal controls and corrective action plans) to facilitate and maintain ZF’s ongoing compliance with internal requirements and external regulations. The role supports efforts to ensure IT operates in a compliant and consistent manner. Responsibilities include establishing relationships with the IT functions within the Company’s IT department, Business unit IT administrators and application owners, and third-party service providers. Will have oversight of processes from a compliance perspective in support of Company and departmental policies, industry best practices, and external standards and requirements Broad knowledge of IT processes, internal controls and risk assessments. Identify applicable laws (by region), regulations and internal controls along with the corresponding level of IT compliance. Provide a single point of contact for IT related compliance & audit request for the region. Provide guidance and training in creating processes that support compliance / audit requirements (narrative, self-assessment testing, deliverables…) for the region. Monitor the results of independent reviews, audits and examinations for the region Establish and train the IT methods, frameworks & tools used to support the polices, standards and practices by the global IT organization. ~cb~ Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer M/F/Disability/Veteran Job Requirements Education Requirements Undergraduate degree – Information Technology preferred. Accounting, Finance, Business, Industrial Engineering. Professional Certification(s) desirable (CISA, CISSP, etc.) Experience and Skill Requirements Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. Ability to communicate IT technical issues, convey the appropriate risk level and guide IT management to establish action plans to reduce or eliminate risks to the organization. Ability to establish relationships. Clear understanding of IT audit methodologies (COBIT, risk-driven and business process oriented audit approach that includes General IS controls etc.). Two to five years of experience with Financial and ERP application experience (SAP preferable). Two to five years’ experience with client/server platforms (Linux, AIX, UNIX, Windows AD, AS400, Oracle Database) are desirable. Foreign language and international business experience with global manufacturing organization desirable. Ability to work on diverse teams. Process improvement orientated. Personal flexibility to adapt to changing demands. Strong PC/computer skills required. Strong analytical skills, problem solving. Excellent organization, project and time management skills. Ability to travel (by airplane and car) 10-20%, including international assignments, passport required.