zulily is a retailer obsessed with bringing our customers something special every day. Unique products from up-and-coming brands are featured alongside favorites from top brands, including clothing, home decor, accessories, toys and gifts, giving customers something new to discover each morning at an incredible price. We are fast-paced, innovative and metric-driven, with a team passionate for delighting our customers. Whether you want to work with incredible product selection, develop smart marketing plans, help us in our pursuit of faster fulfillment, or do something else awesome in between, we have a place for you. With locations in Seattle, Reno, Columbus and Bethlehem, our team is excited to be changing the way people shop every day - and we are just getting started. The Supply Chain Business Analyst II will support strategic processes that enable zulily to optimize its Supply Chain. This role has the ability and intellectual capacity to examine complex issues with ambiguous or unknown variables, gather and synthesize the data necessary to enable decision-making, and then support projects to improve the processes. The area of focus will include but not be limited to following realms within our Supply Chain: Inventory Forecast and Optimization, Capacity Planning and Space Management, and Order Management. At times, this role will be asked to support cross-functional projects that will involve redesigning processes across our Supply Chain to improve customer satisfaction, safety, quality, cost, efficiency and on-time delivery. Critical thinking skills, strong attention to detail, a passion for problem solving, and the ability to concisely communicate opportunities and risks to senior management are a must. This is a great opportunity to join a small, impactful team and help design solutions that will influence all facets of the supply chain network. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Develop and expand zulily’s forecasting and capacity planning capabilities Perform ad-hoc analyses to drive business decisions on process improvement and project prioritization Create operational and executive metrics to increase program visibility and drive continuous improvement Identify data gaps, create business requirements and work with the Business Intelligence team to drive improved visibility Partner with the Operations, Merchandising and Technology teams to identify process gaps, and recommend both process changes and reporting that will ensure sustained improvement Develop and implement business processes at Fulfillment Centers to improve safety, quality, cost, and delivery experience for our Fulfillment network Develop feedback loops and business processes across the Fulfillment network Strong communication skills, including the ability to communicate to both technical and non-technical audiences Help support training of Analyst I and Analyst II in both data analysis and process improvement realms QUALIFICATIONS 3 to 5 years of related experience as an analyst in business analysis, supply chain or operations Experience in customer analytics BS or BA degree in a quantitative field such as Math, Finance, Statistics, Engineering, Supply Chain or Business Operations is required Possesses extensive knowledge regarding data modeling and simulation Experience developing Optimization Models to answer complex business questions and support ongoing decision-making. Advanced user of Excel Ability to understand data and synthesize data using advanced tools and programming languages such as Google BigQuery, SQL, Python, SAS, R or VBA Experienced with managing change and driving change through the organization PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Experience with TPS, Process excellence, Lean Methodology preferred PMP certification preferred zulily is an Equal Opportunity Employer zulily participates in E-Verify. zulily will provide the Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) with information from each new employee's I-9 to confirm work authorization. Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. You may reach us at (206) 388-0920.