A Great Place to Work Last year, we transformed the P2P payments industry with Zelle. 247-million transactions and $75-billion later, consumers love us as much as our amazing team of talented people. Come join the most INNOVATIVE FinTech company in Arizona. Overall Purpose This position designs, develops, tests and maintains software product applications. Essential Functions Participates in designing, developing, documenting, testing, and debugging new and existing software systems and applications. Contributes in development life cycle including requirements analysis and design. Write technical specifications based on conceptual design and stated business requirements. Support, and document software functionality. Identify and evaluate new technologies for implementation. Analyze code to find causes of errors and revise programs as needed. Provide critical input in software design meetings and analyze user needs to determine technical requirements. Consult with end user to prototype, refine, test, and debug programs to meet needs. Complies with all security policies and procedures, to ensure that the highest level of system and data confidentiality, integrity and availability is maintained. Desired Skills Automation Ability to use Unix/Linux command line programs and create/edit scripts. Able to analyze results of automated deployment scripts and makes modifications. Design Able to prepare detail design documents from requirements. Familiar with Reporting tools such as Crystal Reports, Jasper Reports, BIRT, etc. General understanding of software environments and network topologies. Able to demonstrate OOA/OOD skills. Demonstrable understanding of distributed, component based architecture Working knowledge of networking and/or telecommunications protocols A solid understanding of event driven / asynchronous programming and multi-threading Demonstrable technical design skills (UML experience a plus) Familiar with TDD/BDD. Familiar with SOA framework, web services, etc. Coding Common Developer Skills Competent (2+ years) Java or C or C++ or Objective-C language programming skills. Competent with SQL or PL/SQL and relational database concepts. Experience with source code control systems. Experience with secure programming techniques is highly desirable Able to perform code reviews to ensure the code meets the acceptance criteria. Mobile Developer 2+ years of experience in projects using Java, C++, Objective-C, or Swift 2+ years design, implementation and unit testing of mobile applications A solid understanding of event driven / asynchronous programming and multi-threading Working knowledge of networking and/or telecommunications protocols Experience/High comfort level with application layer technologies/protocols including HTTP, XML Web Developer 2+ years of experience with application layer technologies including HTML/CSS, XML, JavaScript, JSON, and REST 3+ years of experience with web and application servers such as IIS, Apache HTTP/Tomcat, IBM Websphere, Oracle WebLogic, JBoss, GlassFish, etc. Experience with other computer languages like C, Ruby, Python, and PHP is a plus Testing Able to maintain test scripts as needed. Prepares test strategy, test plan, test cases, and test summary documents. Experience with automated functional software testing frameworks, such as Cucumber, Selenium, etc. Performs unit, functional, load, user interface, performance, regression and system integration testing on new code or modified code prior to production releases. Produce and report project test metrics. Possess advanced knowledge of QA/QC techniques; certifications preferred Assists new staff on testing techniques and test methodologies Support Ability to respond to situations in a timely manner, and meet predetermined deadlines Ability to support/maintain existing products and add new features as requested by customers. Provide support to UAT/production applications as needed Ability to work on multiple projects Collaboration Agile/Lean methodologies experience Solid understanding of an iterative software development process Able to estimate all project activities and tasks. Able to elicit user and functional requirements. Mentor and monitor Software Engineers in the technical aspects of their assignments. Experience Education and experience typically obtained through completion of a Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science and/or 2 or more years of related industry experience. The above job description is not intended to be an all-inclusive list of duties and standards of the position. Incumbents will follow instructions and perform other related duties as assigned by their supervisor. Physical Requirements Working conditions consist of a normal office environment. Work is primarily sedentary and requires extensive use of a computer and involves sitting for periods of approximately four hours. Work may require occasional standing, walking, kneeling and reaching. Must be able to lift 10 pounds occasionally and/or negligible amount of force frequently. Requires visual acuity and dexterity to view, prepare, and manipulate documents and office equipment including personal computers. Requires the ability to communicate with internal and/or external customers. Employee must be able to perform essential functions and physical requirements of position with or without reasonable accommodation. _Early Warning is an equal opportunity employer that takes affirmative action to employ, and advance in employment, qualified minorities, women, individuals with disabilities and covered veterans._