About Berkeley The University of California, Berkeley, is one of the world’s most iconic teaching and research institutions. Since 1868, Berkeley has fueled a perpetual renaissance, generating unparalleled intellectual, economic and social value in California, the United States and the world. Berkeley’s culture of openness, freedom and acceptance—academic and artistic, political and cultural—make it a very special place for students, faculty and staff. Berkeley is committed to hiring and developing staff who want to work in a high performing culture that supports the outstanding work of our faculty and students. In deciding whether to apply for a staff position at Berkeley, candidates are strongly encouraged to consider the alignment of the Berkeley Workplace Culture with their potential for success at http://jobs.berkeley.edu/why-berkeley.html. Application Review Date The First Review Date for this job is: August 22, 2018 Departmental Overview The Financial Aid & Scholarships Office (FASO) is a fast-paced, high volume environment, directly awards or coordinates the awarding of nearly $650 Million from over 700 funding sources to approximately 25,000 undergraduate and graduate students annually. With the motto “Your hopes, your future, your education. We help make it happen” FASO supports the University in meeting its enrollment goals for new, returning, and continuing students by helping students meet the overall cost of attendance at Berkeley. This position manages one or a combination of state and/or federal aid programs administered by FASO. Involves analyzing students’ level of need and eligibility for financial aid to allocate financial aid awards and advise students on obtaining aid. Interprets financial aid regulations, analyzes student data, and implements procedures to ensure regulatory compliance and timely delivery of financial aid. As a member of the Financial Aid and Scholarships Office team, you will be making a tremendous difference in the lives of many students. Responsibilities OVERVIEW: Involves analyzing students' level of need and eligibility for financial aid to allocate financial aid awards and advise students on obtaining aid. Interprets financial aid regulations, analyzes student data, and implements procedures to ensure regulatory compliance and timely delivery of financial aid. Administer the entire processing flow for the Cal Grant program and other programs such as, but not limited to, Direct Loan, Work-Study, etc. Analyze and resolve data inconsistencies between institutional and state or federal systems, including, but not limited to, the daily processing of edit and reject reports. Resolve data differences that show up on monthly reconciliation information provided by the Fiscal Management unit. Respond in a timely manner to program-related inquiries from staff, students and parents. Verify that awards are packaged and processed according to state and federal eligibility requirements and FASO packaging policy. Serve as functional expert on software systems as relates to program(s) of responsibility. Test software to support efficient, accurate processing and recording of awards. Work closely with systems staff to make sure that all systems issues that impact award processing are resolved in a timely manner and new procedures/processes and/or reports are put into production to assure smooth, accurate and timely delivery of award funds and data reporting. Communicate effectively and collegially with other individual contributors in FASO, such as counselors managing special programs, Fiscal Management staff, Senior Staff,, as well as technical staff and other campus partners (BPS, BFS, CSC, etc.). Required Qualifications Advanced knowledge of policies, regulations, and practices for awarding financial aid. 3-5 years of experience working directly with California state and federal Title IV student aid regulations, including specialized knowledge of Cal Grant, Federal Direct Loan, Federal Work-Study, Federal Pell Grant, or other major federal or state funding program. Advanced knowledge of, or ability to learn to use quickly, information management systems related to registration, financial aid, and student accounts. Advanced knowledge of state and federal database applications, including CSAC WebGrants, Common Origination and Disbursement (COD), National Student Loan data System (NSLDS), or EDConnect. Experience using complex databases including testing software for same; ability to review systems issues and write clear communications for systems staff; ability to define specifications for database programming. Advanced knowledge of, and successful experience with, financial aid advising and counseling techniques. Ability to interpret complex policies and develop procedures to ensure compliance with regulations. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Demonstrated by effective, concise, courteous, accurate, grammatically correct, professional, diplomatic, and complete verbal and written interactions. Advanced problem identification, critical thinking, problem-solving skills, judgment and decision-making ability. Ability to assess and refine current processes and implement improvements. Project management skills. Demonstrated by the implementation of new process/procedure. Organizational skills and ability to prioritize work and meet deadlines. Demonstrated ability to manage a heavy workload, which may at times require additional work hours or very selective work prioritization. Customer service orientation. Interpersonal skills. Includes active listening, diplomacy, social perceptiveness and the ability to recognize and diffuse charged interactions with customers and colleagues, and to develop effective working relationships with all colleagues. Ability to relate to diverse student and parent populations. Proficiency with Microsoft Word, Excel, and Access as well as internet and email applications. Proficiency manipulating and analyzing large volumes of data. Bachelor’s degree in related area and/or equivalent experience/training Preferred Qualifications Experience with Campus Solutions. Salary & Benefits Salary is commensurate with experience. Hiring range is $68,000-$75,000/annually. For information on the comprehensive benefits package offered by the University visit: http://ucnet.universityofcalifornia.edu/compensation-and-benefits/index.html How to Apply Please submit your cover letter and resume as a single attachment when applying. Other Information This is a 1 year contract position Conviction History Background This is a designated position requiring fingerprinting and a background check due to the nature of the job responsibilities. Berkeley does hire people with conviction histories and reviews information received in the context of the job responsibilities. The University reserves the right to make employment contingent upon successful completion of the background check. Equal Employment Opportunity The University of California is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status. For more information about your rights as an applicant see: http://www.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/poster_screen_reader_optimized.pdf For the complete University of California nondiscrimination and affirmative action policy see: http://policy.ucop.edu/doc/4000376/NondiscrimAffirmAct