Discover your opportunity with Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group (MUFG), the 5th largest financial group in the world with total assets of over $2.4 trillion (as ranked by SNL Financial, April 2016) and 140,000 colleagues in nearly 50 countries. In the U.S., we’re 13,000 strong, working together to positively impact every customer, organization, and community we serve. We achieve this by delivering on our values, putting people first, fostering long-term relationships built on honesty and mutual understanding, and inspiring the best in each other. This is all part of our inclusive, high-performing culture supported by Total Rewards that include our cash balance pension plan. Join a team that’s working to fulfill its vision to be the world’s most trusted financial group. Job Summary: The Senior Business Analyst will be responsible for analysis and developing business requirements for business- led projects. Will perform documentation of business requirements, process definition, and executive level presentations. Major Responsibilities: 70% - Analysis and creation of business requirements and project documentation. Identify the areas where changes are needed in business plans. Analyze the entire business, including data, goals, process, and organization. Identify the areas of strength and weakness and suggest areas of improvement. Monitor the impact of such changes. Document and analyze the required information and data. The analysis is accomplished by evaluating information gathered through workshops, surveys, interviews, business process description and task analysis. Work with the business area management to identify required changes. Communicate needed changes to project management team and to business line management. 30% - Process improvement and documentation including developing playbooks and desktop procedures. Establish repeatable processes and evaluate for efficiencies. Ensures issues are identified, tracked, reported on and resolved in a timely manner. Create and maintain document libraries for documentation. Support management by creating and contributing to presentations and other projects. Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree preferred. Direct work experience in Financial Services industry and working in a Program Management office is preferred. Very strong technical skills coupled with business intelligence and a deep understanding of business areas needs so that they can be transformed into application or operational requirements. Must demonstrate understanding of the technical designs as well as the specifications. Must have experience with business case development and presentation, as well as negotiation and conflict management. 3+ Year’s experience with Process Improvement, Consulting, and Project Management is preferred Knowledge & Skills: This role requires experience in project management and business analysis and work experience in managing medium to complex projects and written detailed business requirements. Experience with mergers and acquisitions are recommended for this position. A key competency for this position is strong MS PowerPoint and documentation skills. The Analyst must be able to use data to create meaningful requirements and persuasive proposals. Strong communication skills are necessary for this position, as it will interface with all levels of the business including Executive Management. Critical thinking and problem solving are key skills for this role. The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of the work being performed. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified .