Wilshire Associates Incorporated is a global investment advisory firm that offers customized, institutionally based solutions to meet the investment needs of our clients. Wilshire Funds Management (WFM), a division of Wilshire Associates Incorporated is dedicated to provide customized investment solutions in the areas of asset allocation, manager research, portfolio construction, and risk management and is seeking to identify a Senior Database Developer to join its Operations Technology team. Successful candidate will be responsible for analysis, design, and developing complex systems and applications for its Portfolio Management Processes. The individual will be involved in all aspects of the project life cycle, which includes design, programming, testing, implementation, maintenance and documentation. She/he will provide support for business systems by developing, maintaining and enhancing existing Web and Client based applications, re-engineering programs to conform to system changes, and solving complex customer or third party data. KEY RESPONSIBILITIES : Database installation and upgrading. Database management and tuning. Monitoring performance and database optimization. Database backups, recovery and restoration process. Implementation and administration of users and database permissions. Creation of technical documentation. DESIRED SKILLS AND BACKGROUND Bachelor or advanced degree in Computer Science. 0-3 years experience programming experience with Transact SQL (MS SQL Server). Knowledge of SQL Server 2008/2014/2017. Knowledge of Microsoft SSMS, SSRS and SSIS. Experience with implementing, maintaining, tuning, and deploying development and production environments. Experience in creating tables, views, stored procedures, functions. Concepts of database and systems security. Principles and practices of database administration (DBA). Principles and practices of research methodology and data analysis. ETL and data analysis experience. OUR OFFER An international, dynamic, entrepreneurial work environment. Competitive compensation package, including a bonus opportunity. 3 weeks of vacation, 8 paid holidays per year. 401(k)/Roth 401(k)/Medical/Dental/Vision & Life insurance. Visit www.wilshire.com for additional company information. Wilshire Associates Incorporated is an Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran. Wilshire Associates Incorporated is an SEC registered investment adviser and required to track certain political contributions under Rule 206(4)-5. As such, you may be required to disclose your prior political contributions. No phone calls. Required Skills Required Experience