Backed by Benchmark, Sequoia Capital, and Index Ventures, Confluent is one of the fastest growing startups in Silicon Valley. Founded by the team that built Apache Kafka, Confluent provides a streaming platform that enables companies to easily access data as real-time streams. In addition to our enterprise platform, we recently launched our cloud offering, Apache Kafka as a Service, which will allow companies of all sizes to leverage the power of streaming data. Join us on our mission to put a streaming platform at the heart of every company! As a Developer Advocate for Confluent, you will help users of Apache Kafka and Confluent technologies be successful and feel awesome doing it. You’re willing to travel 30-40% of the time, you’re eager to be part of a diverse team with big goals, and you have an unremittingly positive attitude. Ultimately, you will help developers achieve our mission: to build a streaming data platform and put it at the heart of every company. While Confluent is headquartered in Palo Alto, you can work remotely from any location in the United States for this position. Responsibilities: Meet directly with the community of developers, ops professionals, and other distributed systems enthusiasts around the world, teaching and inspiring them to apply streaming technologies more effectively. Write sample code, build and deliver conference talks, speak at meet-ups, make screencasts, and write some of the best blog posts the streaming data world has ever seen. Assume ownership of a particular product area (Cloud, Clients, Control Center, Stream Processing, etc.), and represent the developer community to the Confluent product and engineering teams, making sure that everything we build is easy to learn and sensible to use. Travel 30-40% of the time. What We're Looking For: You’re a seasoned software developer. You’re a great writer, and can create winsome, on-brand technical blog posts. You can write top-quality code samples and mini applications to demonstrate the technologies you want to teach. You can record screencasts and instructional videos of your talks and articles. You’re a fun, confident speaker at conferences and meet-ups. You’re able to create your own material as well as present from standard decks. In a different world, you could be a product manager, able to imagine how a product should be built for maximum developer happiness, and able to persuade other stakeholders of your approach. Nice to Have You’re a good JVM language programmer (Java or Scala preferred). You’re up to date with current JVM community engineering practices. You know something about distributed systems, maybe even Kafka. You constantly keep up to date on the latest technologies related to Confluent, streaming data, and distributed systems.