Company Bio X-Ray Industries , an Applus+ company, is a well-established non- destructive testing service provider in the Aerospace industry. With over 75 years of experience, X-Ray Industries is the oldest, most-established NDT provider, offering a broad range of testing and inspection capabilities. Position Purpose An NDT Level 3 Consultant for X-Ray Industries (XRI) Training, Consulting & Services Group (TCSG) functions primarily as an Outside Agency Level 3 per NAS410 & XRI’s 2002. To provide leadership as an administrative Level 3 to the varied TCSG customer base Level 1 or Level 2, provide technical input and assure compliance to customer specific Quality systems requirements, such as Nadcap. The Level 3 Consultant shall be thoroughly knowledgeable within the scope and limitations of each method certified. The Level 3 Consultant may also be engaged as an Instructor of the certified method and may be assigned responsibility for on-the-job (OJT) training and guidance of NDT personnel at the applicable TCSG customer. Duties and Responsibilities The TCSG NDT Level 3 will have responsibility for preparing, maintaining, administering and grading certification examinations, assuring the Written Practice requirements of XRI 2002 and of valued TCSG customers are met. Be willing to travel extensively to valued TCSG customer(s) facilities Be adaptable to various manufacturing environments Be engaging with various customers Management and direct on-site workforce Be flexible to work any shift as necessary to meet customers workforce schedule Participate in the XRI and TCSG customers Safety program to ensure a safe working environment. Establish and maintain housekeeping expectations throughout XRI and valued TCSG customers Adhere to XRI and TCSG customer’s policies and procedures, as applicable Represent XRI in a professional and ethical manner at all times; May be requested to attend NDT related professional conferences or meetings TCSG customer base technical document generation, review and approval. TCSG customers Level 1 and Level 2 development, examination and certification. Have the skills and knowledge to interpret codes, standards, and other contractual documents that control the NDT method(s) as used by XRI or TCSG customers Be capable of selecting the method and technique for the specific inspection applications Be capable of preparing and verifying the adequacy of procedures and work instructions. Approve NDT procedures and work instructions for technical adequacy. Have a general knowledge of other NDT methods and product manufacturing and inspection technologies used by XRI or TCSG’s customers. May conduct NDT for the acceptance of parts and document the results if a demonstration of proficiency in this ability was included in the practical examination. Be capable of auditing varying Quality Systems requirements, such as Nadcap To perform this job successfully, an individual shall have flexibility in his/her personal schedule, be willing to travel when/where TCSG customers are located and have interpersonal communication skills that exude leadership, confidence and clarity. Perform all other duties as assigned. Supervisory Responsibilities Mentor and train coworkers assigned to you through on the job training in safe work practices, technical skills and compliance with company policy. Knowledge and Skills Ability to utilize mathematical formulas per the applicable NDT method. Ability to follow verbal and written instructions. Ability to follow Safety regulations. Computer literate with emphasis on Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint Ability to read and understand technical documents relating to the applicable method. High level of interpersonal communication skills. Assist in the maintaining or implementing the KAIZEN 6S discipline. SORT: Eliminate everything not required for the current work, keeping only the bare essentials. STRAIGHTEN: Arrange items in a way that they are easily visible and accessible. SHINE: Clean everything and find ways to keep it clean. Make cleaning a part of your everyday work. STANDARDIZE: Create rules by which the first 3 S’s are maintained. SUSTAIN: Keep 5S activities from unraveling SAFETY: Eliminate hazards Ability and willingness to cross train into other NDT methods, when requested Ability to work effectively with others and in a Team environment. Firmly adheres to the values and ethics of X-Ray Industries. Exhibits honesty, discretion, and sound judgment. Education and Work Experience Have a minimum of 10 years NDT experience in a given NDT method as a Level 2 / Level 3 in any combination thereof; Aerospace experience is preferred. An ASNT Level III is not required although highly preferred Certificates and Licenses Required NDT Level 2 / Level 3 certification in: Physical Activities and Requirements The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to stand; walk; sit; use hands, handle, or feel; stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl; and talk or hear. The employee is occasionally required to climb or balance. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 50 pounds assisted or unassisted, and occasionally move up to 100 pounds with assistance. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and ability to adjust focus. Ability to read and interpret documents such as safety rules, operating and maintenance instructions, and procedure manuals. Ability to write routine technical reports and correspondence. Ability to speak effectively before groups of customers or employees of organization. Ability to add, subtract, multiply, and divide in all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions, and decimals. Ability to compute rate, ratio, and percent and to draw and interpret bar graphs. Ability to apply common sense understanding to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. In compliance with American with Disabilities Act (ADA), X-Ray Industries, Inc. will make reasonable accommodations that are appropriate and consistent within our legal obligations. Working Conditions The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. The physical environment requires the employee to work inside. Frequently required to use personal protective equipment to prevent exposure to hazardous materials and working environment The duties of this job, the employee is regularly exposed to moving mechanical parts. The employee is occasionally exposed to high, precarious places; fumes or airborne particles; toxic or caustic chemicals; outside weather conditions; extreme cold; extreme heat; and vibration. The noise level in the work environment is usually loud.