ABOUT REFLEKTIVE'S ENGINEERING TEAM We are seeking a Software Engineer to help scale Reflektive from a startup to being the market leader for employee performance management. The main question to be answered: Can you help a company scale? Reflektive has major initiatives to tackle in the next year. Initiatives range from internal scaling, security, engagement, new verticals, pervasive technologies, research and development, data and analytics, and customer tools. Reflektive’s Software Engineer will contribute in their area of specialization. S/he will be a trusted leader that will drive initiatives over the finish line. S/he will help us solve complex design challenges and mature our platform to handle increasing traffic and scale. You'll join a lean, prolific team where everyone, including you, is active in the product defining and development process (where deploying new features every 2 weeks is common). You'll know the customers we're talking to, and the needs of each one. As a result, you know where your initiative and drive can best make a difference (and be recognized!) Our engineering team consists of developers from a wide array of backgrounds. Our team primarily focuses on Rails and Javascript, but is always ready to use the best tool for the job when it makes sense. Following Scrum practices, we work closely with the Product Management team to develop features that focus on empowering and developing employees. Our team is a tight knit, friendly group of engineers that are dedicated to learning from and teaching to each other. Team members regularly contribute to and optimize our engineering practices and processes. Our team wants to make software engineering fun, easy, and fulfilling, so we've come up with a set of values that we apply to our software every day: Simple, Flexible, Consistent, Predictable, Efficient, and Pragmatic. How You'll Contribute Working on Reflektive's real-time feedback product. Building features that will cross working on Ruby to JavaScript You'll work with other full-stack engineers and/or senior backend engineers to get things done. Ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment working on a rapidly scaling product. Meeting deadlines. Participate in multiple engineering learning/growth talks across the engineering teams Sit in on customer spec calls Work on multiple product verticals of our platform Craft feature specific changes with the product team In 30 days, you will have deployed fixes to production and have fully grasped the product. In 60 days, you will have taken on deeper features working with Senior engineers to implement features. In 90 days, owning your own features working collaboratively with your peers. What You Have 2-5 years of professional experience as a Software Engineer Ruby on Rails, HTML Experience implementing features that may cross the full Rails stack Willingness to roll up your sleeves and get stuff done. Willingness to learn and do whatever it takes to meet deadlines in a quick, ever-changing environment. Bonus Points Experience with JavaScript, Postgres, Redis, DelayedJob, Sidekiq, CSS Startup experience