SUMMARY The National Hockey League (New York City) is looking for a SQL Server Developer, ETL Specialist for the development and enhancement of their Fan Data Warehouse. In this role, you will be interacting with stake holders, business analysts, and other developers on the refinement and integration of customer data from various sources, ensuring that source data can be integrated and represented properly. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Ability to create and manage sophisticated talend workflows that import, validate, and cleanse data from various sources including SQL databases, .csv files, and feeds (e.g. JSON, XML). Test and troubleshoot packages by using the debugging functionality provided with Talend Open Studio. Develop guidelines and standards for ETL usage, manageability and maintainability. Profile and understand the various source data available, including structured and unstructured web/mobile activity data. Work closely with business and technical teams to understand, document, design, develop, code, and test ETL processes. Establish and maintain working relationships with technical and architectural team members across the technology organization. Ownership and maintenance of all existing and future ETL jobs for external data sources. Validate ETL jobs against business use cases. Develop and deploy all post-production enhancements. QUALIFICATIONS 5+ years of hands-on ETL development experience. Ability to implement ETL best practices to provide strong end-to-end solutions. Experience with data loads into relational databases a must. Advanced SQL experience (Nested Queries, Complex Joins, Analytic Functions) a must. Solid understanding of Data Modeling and Data Warehousing principles. Experienced in testing, debugging, and tuning of any ETL bottlenecks. Experience in Real Time processing and Big Data tools like Hive, Spark a plus. Experience with talend MDM 6.x a plus. Experience with Hadoop/HDFS clusters a plus. Strong verbal and written communication skills. Must be an self-starter and adaptable to changes in priorities. Strong problem solving skills. _When applying, please be sure to include a cover letter with your salary expectations for this role. We thank all applicants for their interest in this opportunity, however only qualified candidates selected for an interview will be contacted. NO EMAILS OF PHONE CALLS PLEASE._