ATG Technical Architect We have a ATG Technical Architect position. The position is Permanent opportunity. Selected candidates must be willing to join at a short notice. Qualified candidates should be willing to work at Deerfield, IL. The ideal candidates will possess the following: Must Have Skills: Must be a strong ATG and Microservices expertise Desired Skills: Must be a strong ATG and Microservices expertise Job Roles / Responsibilities: Technical architect with strong ATG and Microservices expertise Benefits include: Medical, Dental & Vision Insurance. 401k & Employee Stock Purchase Plans. 2 weeks of vacation and major holidays off. Tremendous opportunity for growth and advancement. A professional, challenging environment as part of a world class talented team. NOTE: Cognizant is an Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/D/V. Cognizant is committed to ensuring that all current and prospective associates are afforded equal opportunities and treatment and a work environment free of harassment. We will only be able to respond to those candidates that most closely meet our criteria. Skills and Requirements: 10+ years of total IT experience with focus on Digital Commerce application architecture and development 4+ years of hands-on experience with various ATG modules such as Commerce, BCC, CSC, CA, and Search Integration Knowledge of ATG platform with various services/technologies such as Taxware, Rich Relevance, Bloomreach, BML, Paypal, Cybersource, A/B testing tools, Adobe/Omniture, etc. Good knowledge of Microservices architecture patterns and technologies Experience solving performance and scalability challenges in high traffic web applications Experience with Single Page Application architecture, Flux, and Redux Experience working in agile development environments Experience with front end technologies such as HTML5, CSS3, React, Angular, Foundation/Bootstrap/Material Design, Node.js, ES5/ES6, etc. Experience interacting with commerce and search platforms such as ATG/Hybris/Demandware/SFCC/Endeca/Elastic Search/Solr is a plus Strong client-facing skills and comfortable communicating with senior Commerce leadership team Ideate new Digital technology innovations and trends with customers Chief Architects/CTO and effectively contribute to mindshare Job Location : Deerfield, Illinois, United States Employee Status : Full Time Employee Shift : Day Job Travel : No Job Posting : Aug 11 2018 Cognizant US Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran. If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions in the US, please send an email with your request to CareersNA2@cognizant.com About Cognizant Cognizant is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant, a member of the NASDAQ-100, is ranked 195 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us on Twitter: USJobsCognizant. Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.