Where good people build rewarding careers. Think that working in the insurance field can’t be exciting, rewarding and challenging? Think again. You’ll help us reinvent protection and retirement to improve customers’ lives. We’ll help you make an impact with our training and mentoring offerings. Here, you’ll have the opportunity to expand and apply your skills in ways you never thought possible. And you’ll have fun doing it. Join a company of individuals with hopes, plans and passions, all using and developing our talents for good, at work and in life. Job Description Encompass Insurance is one of the largest personal property and casualty insurance brands sold exclusively through a network of more than 3,000 independent agents in most states. With a legacy that dates back to 1897, Encompass employees and agents are committed to delivering a superior insurance experience for our customers. Encompass is a solely owned subsidiary of The Allstate Corporation (NYSE: ALL), the nation’s largest publicly held personal lines insurer. Encompass is growth focused, looking to expand its presence throughout the country. We are seeking enthusiastic, creative, results-oriented people who thrive in a fast-paced environment and are passionate about serving customers and agencies. Encompass offers an exceptional career experience for our employees, with impactful work and exciting opportunities to make a difference. Join Encompass and you’ll be part of an exciting future. Encompass is looking for talented individuals who thrive in a collaborative and challenging environment to join our Encompass Service Center in Irving, TX. Job Family Summary Provides functional, procedural, or strategic guidance to create value, maximize growth and improve business performance for the organization. Position Summary Responsible for supporting the implementation of projects through data gathering, analysis, and research. Act as a resource for team members which may include providing training, assisting in resolving complex problems and / or identifying process improvement in the Encompass Service Center. Gather and analyze business and stakeholder requirements. Collects and analyzes process data to initiate, develop and recommend business practices and procedures. Ensure successful completion of projects. Initiate and support business optimization efforts to enable effective and efficient delivery of valued services. Anticipate, identify, reproduce, and resolve simple problems in area of specialty, including business, process and technical problems. Effectively communicates technical and business ideas and information to others, including non-technical audiences. Qualifications College degree or equivalent work experience Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal Proficient with Microsoft Office Suite Flexibility to work in rapidly changing and challenging environment Highly organized and detail oriented Ability to work in a team environment and help ensure team’s success Has training or light experience facilitating meetings and processes. The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation, which includes a drug screen. Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®. As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary – but that’s just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, you’ll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life - including a generous paid time off policy. Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video. Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position. Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component. For jobs in San Francisco, please click "here" for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. For jobs in Los Angeles, please click "here" for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance. It is the policy of Allstate to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity/gender expression, disability, and citizenship status as a veteran with a disability or veteran of the Vietnam Era.