Cybersecurity Director Austin, TX The Dell Security & Resiliency organization manages the security risk across all aspects of Dell’s business. We are currently experiencing incredible growth in order to meet the security needs of the world’s largest technology company. With team members located in over 15 countries, you will have an excellent opportunity to influence the security culture at Dell and further develop your career. Dell is a worldwide provider of information technology services and business solutions to a broad range of clients. We seek men and women who share our values, thrive in a team environment, and recognize the importance of accountability; people who strive to exceed expectations to ensure our Clients' success. We are currently seeking a Cybersecurity Director to join our Security & Resiliency team, based in Round Rock, TX. Key Responsibilities Detailed technical knowledge and experience with network security, authentication, security protocols, access control, cryptography, and application security. Coordinate with system architects and developers to provide guidance in creating and integrating secure Cloud based designs. Proven success with the following technologies: Microsoft Azure, Amazon Web Services (AWS), VMware virtualization solutions, Pivotal, Windows and Linux based platforms, etc. Experience with leading laws, regulations, standards and best practices including, but not limited to, CSA CCM, NIST, ISO, PCI, Sarbanes Oxley, HIPAA, and EU GDPR. Experience building a security catalog of best practices, techniques and patterns to enable secure network implementations. Hands-on experience with multiple security technologies such as Firewalls, Intrusion Detection/Prevention Systems, Vulnerability Scanning, WAF, Wireless LAN, NAC, DLP, DDoS Mitigation, WAN security, SIEM, Content Filtering, Cloud Security gateways, Secure Proxies, SSL crypto solutions. Ability to influence others to achieve results Ability to operate effectively in a fast-paced environment with competing and shifting priorities. Ability to efficiently summarize complex, cross-organizational initiatives. Ability to help drive agreement on priorities through the influencing of and negotiation with stakeholders who at times may hold competing or conflicting goals. Ability to engage executive level stakeholders on complex matters in a substantive manner with little to no oversight and limited guidance. Ability to confidently and effectively present complex technical topics to senior non-technical audiences. Ability to work collaboratively and effectively as part of larger matrixed organization. Ability to quickly organize and direct virtual teams as necessary to accomplish goals. Pragmatic, results-driven, value focused and accountability-minded. Ability to work effectively with senior management Requirements Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or a related field Individuals with CISSP, CISM, or CCSP certifications preferred 10+ years Security experience Excellent written and verbal communication skills Dell is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at Dell are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Dell will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. Learn more about Diversity and Inclusion at Dell here.