Who We Are The Metropolitan Council Environmental Services (MCES) is seeking a full-time Business Analyst 1 or Business Analyst 2 (BA1 or BA2) to join its finance team. This person will play a vital role in supporting the MCES Senior management team in its effort to fulfill its mission to provide wastewater services that protect public health and the environment while supporting regional growth. Join an award-winning wastewater industry leader in protecting our environment! Metropolitan Council Environmental Services (MCES) is an operating division of the Metropolitan Council. MCES operates and maintains the wastewater collection and treatment system for the Minneapolis-St. Paul seven-county metropolitan area, which includes approximately 600 miles of regional sanitary sewers and eight regional wastewater treatment plants. MCES treats an average of 250 million gallons of wastewater daily, providing cost- effective service to more than 2.6 million people in 109 customer communities. MCES treatment plants consistently earn state and national awards for complete compliance with their environmental permits. MCES also is nationally recognized for its work monitoring air and water quality and planning for a long-range water supply to meet future demand. To find out how the Metropolitan Council and the Environmental Services division serve the Twin Cities region, please click on the links for more information: https://metrocouncil.org/About-Us/The-Council-Who-We-Are.aspx and https://metrocouncil.org/Wastewater-Water.aspx . _We are committed to supporting a diverse workforce that reflects the communities we serve._ How your work would contribute to our organization and the Twin Cities region: The Business Analyst will provide financial analysis, internal financial consulting, and support for the division, including budgeting and forecasting, utilizing strong analytical skills and a variety of software including Oracle, Hyperion, PeopleSoft Financials, PeopleSoft HRIS, and Oracle Utilities Work and Asset Management software. This position will also support the administration of MCES Inflow and Infiltration Grant Program and will monitor the cash flow of several other MCES Grants. Salary Range BA 1 - $28.93 annualized to $60,174 to $41.03 annualized to $85,342 Salary Range BA 2 - $31.27 annualized to $65,042 to $44.36 annualized to $92,269 What you would do in this job: Support Budget Manager, Finance Director, and budget preparers on budget issues. Monitor and update division-wide payroll and headcount reports and perform analysis on Full-Time Equivalent (FTE) trends. Assist Budget Manager with the administration of several grant programs and ensure grant information is entered accurately in PeopleSoft and Webgrants. Provide end users with assistance on Hyperion and respond to problems and requests to assist the annual budget process. Provide customer service-centric approach with staff, management, and internal and external stakeholders. Represent MCES on cross-divisional finance work groups and teams. What education and experience are required for this job (minimum qualifications): Business Analyst 1 - Bachelor's degree in Accounting, Finance, Business Administration or field related to the position AND two (2) years' experience in accounting or finance. CPA is a plus. OR Associates degree in Accounting, Finance, Business Administration or field related to the position AND four (4) years' experience in accounting or finance. CPA is a plus. Business Analyst 2 - Bachelor's degree in Accounting, Finance, Business Administration or field related to the position AND three (3) years' experience in accounting or finance. CPA is a plus. OR Associates degree in Accounting, Finance, Business Administration or field related to the position AND five (5) years' experience in accounting or finance. CPA is a plus. What knowledge, skills and abilities you should have within the first six months on the job: Experience with income statement reporting and knowledge of financial analysis techniques. Excellent knowledge of generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). Intermediate computer skills with experience using Microsoft Word, Excel, and PowerPoint. Experience using large-scale financial software packages such as Hyperion or PeopleSoft. Strong mathematical and analysis skills. Excellent oral and written communication skills. What you can expect from us: We offer the opportunity to make a difference and positively influence the Twin Cities metropolitan area. We encourage our employees to develop their skills through on-site training and tuition reimbursement. We provide a competitive salary, excellent benefits and a good work/life balance. More about why you should join us! Additional information: Union/Grade : AFSCME/Grade F or G FLSA Status : BA1 - Non-exempt/BA2 - Exempt Safety Sensitive: No What your work environment would be: You would perform your work in a standard office setting. Work may sometimes require travel between your primary work site and other sites. What steps the recruitment process involves: We review your minimum qualifications. We rate your education and experience. We conduct a structured panel interview. We conduct a selection interview. Once you have successfully completed the steps above, then: If you are new to the Metropolitan Council , you must pass a drug test (safety sensitive positions only) and a background check, which verifies education and employment, covers driving record (if applicable to the job) and any criminal record. If you have a criminal conviction, you do not automatically fail. The Metropolitan Council considers felony, gross misdemeanor and misdemeanor convictions on a case-by-case basis, based on whether they are related to the job and whether the candidate has demonstrated adequate rehabilitation. If you are already an employee of the Metropolitan Council , you must pass a drug test (if moving from a non-safety sensitive position to a safety sensitive position) and criminal background check if the job you're applying for is safety sensitive, is a supervisory or management job, is in the Finance, Information Services or Human Resources departments, or has access to financial records, files/databases, cash, vouchers or transit fare cards. IMPORTANT: If you make a false statement or withhold information, you may be barred from job consideration.