Data Science Analyst - Webex Teams How connect with people every day? Do you chat? Video calls? Meetings? Have you ever had trouble connecting to audio, or video from a meeting room? Have you had a hard time coordinating with your team around a common goal or initiative? We all need to connect with people to get our work done. We are uniquely positioned to make it amazing across hardware and software with a leading market position in meetings. Our next goal is to redefine how people work where communication is at the core of all productive collaboration. What You’ll Do Webex Teams is looking for a Data Science Analyst with experience who can help us learn more about our user engagement. We need someone who is passionate about leading change, exploiting and optimizing customer engagement, driving experiences across our Collaboration stakeholders. You’ll be working alongside a team focusing on how people communicate across messaging, calling, and video as well as collaborate on documents, schedules, and tasks. We want to make everyone more productive every day. Who You Are Facilitate data implementation and instrumentation within Amplitude and Segment Provide technical analyses on user behavior to target key product metrics (e.g: retention, DAU, funnels) Serve as data liaison across the broader engineering structure (Product Management, UX) to facilitate data-driven decisions and actionable insights Apply advanced Data Science capabilities (machine learning, advanced data visualization, etc) to improve product performance Who You’ll Work With We’re a experienced group of product managers, engineers, and designers who are finding new ways to leverage data from communication, people interaction, and collaborative content creation to craft new collaboration experiences in ways that nobody but Cisco can. These new collaboration experiences will give a stronger voice to the remote worker, make distributed teams as efficient as co-located teams, and drive the new generation of everyday collaboration between teammates. Basic Qualifications Python, SQL, R, Data Visualization, Machine Learning BS in data engineering, computer science or related field of study for software development is required.