A WORLD LEADER IN TESTING, INSPECTION & CERTIFICATION SERVICES Bureau Veritas offers dynamic, exciting employment opportunities with an attractive salary/benefit package and an opportunity to play a vital role with a global organization. If you would enjoy working in a dynamic environment and are looking for an opportunity to become part of a stellar team of professionals, we invite you to apply online today. Bureau Veritas is an Equal Opportunity Employer, and as such we recruit, hire, train, and promote persons in all job classifications without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, age, marital status, citizen status, sexual orientation, genetics, status as a protected veteran, or any other non-job-related characteristics. This position is responsible to ensure equal opportunity in employment in that all persons are treated equally and on the basis of merit, in decisions regarding selection, placement, promotions, training, work assignments, transfers and other personnel actions. City: Houston State: Texas DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES Acquire and apply intermediate knowledge of database design and management including modeling, creation and maintenance of database objects. Apply in-depth understanding of database tools and utilities and at least one DBMS platform, as well as highly developed SQL and database performance tuning skills. Perform evaluation, modification and integration functions associated with vendor supplied database software. Ensure business continuity by developing and implementing highly available database systems and database recovery plans and procedures. Liaise with database software vendors and external technical support on issues. Serves as a resource to less experienced team members on escalated issues of a routine nature. MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS Bachelor's degree or equivalent work experience. 3+ years relevant database design or administration and/or systems/development life cycle experience. Experience with technical programming languages and/or database design or database management systems. Experience working with traditional RDBMS Experience writing automating database maintenance processes and monitoring. Experience providing appropriate Database Performance tuning support with regards to storage I/O, bufferpools, query access plan assessment and creation of required database structures including indexes. Experience providing project database consulting and oversight for complex projects including physical design, query analysis, and database implementation. PREFERRED Experience working with Oracle If you are an individual with a disability and you would like us to assist you with searching the Careers Page site for employment opportunities and/or assistance with completing your profile and application, please contact us at 1-888-357-7020 or email us with your request to USinfor@us.bureauveritas.com We are happy to assist you and encourage you to consider Bureau Veritas for your next great career opportunity! If you would like additional information regarding Bureau Veritas' federal obligations in regards to equal employment opportunity, please click the link below: http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf