At HUB International, we are a team of entrepreneurs. We believe in empowering our clients, and we do so by protecting businesses and individuals in our local communities. We help businesses evaluate their risks and develop solutions tailored to their needs. We believe in empowering our employees. As a global firm, we offer employees resources in both technology and industry expertise, but we still maintain the local flavor of our offices. Our structure enables our teams to maintain their own unique, regional culture. HUB is the 7th largest global insurance and employee benefits broker, providing a broad array of property, casualty, risk management, life and health, employee benefits, investment and wealth management products and services. With over 10,000 employees in 450 offices throughout North America, HUB has grown substantially, in part due to our industry leading success in mergers and acquisitions. Here’s Where You Come In We are currently seeking a Database Analyst to join our growing Insurance services team. You’ll be responsible for delivering data projects that involve multiple business areas and owners, working with management to create a prioritized list of needs for each business segment, and designing, creating and maintaining reporting dashboards for all levels and business groups, enabling data driven decisions. Other tasks include evaluating workflows and production processes to design and implement enhancements driving user efficiencies, and auditing management systems to monitor the data quality and assist with new workflows. You’re Great At Ideally you’ll be well versed in project methodology, database, data integration and analytics, with excellent verbal and written communications. You should also have at least 5 years analyst experience and if you have worked with EPIC before that is a plus. Working with Microsoft Office products is a daily occurrence and strong knowledge in these applications will help. Here’s What We Can Offer: At HUB we are committed to providing a diverse and challenging work environment encouraging critical thinking, problem-solving and project management. Our teams thrive on a collaborative environment while embracing and celebrating individual achievements. We offer competitive pay and an excellent benefits package, including medical, dental, vision and 401k with employer matching. We all strive for a healthy work life balance so we offer paid holidays and a generous paid time off policy. Still Interested? Take the first step towards a rewarding career and future with HUB, we want to hear from you! Apply today! HUB International Limited is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer that does not discriminate on the basis of race/ethnicity, national origin, religion, age, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran's status, or any other characteristic protected by local, state or federal laws, rules or regulations. LI-DM Location: United States, Washington, Bothell Required Education: Bachelor's degree (4-year degree) Required Experience: 5-7 years Required Travel: No travel required Date published: 13-Jun-2018 Department: Business Operations Ref: P2963_20180612 HUB International Limited is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer that does not discriminate on the basis of race/ethnicity, national origin, religion, age, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran's status, or any other characteristic protected by local, state or federal laws, rules or regulations. The EEO is the Law poster and its supplement is available here at http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/ofccpost.htm . We endeavor to make this website accessible to any and all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please contact the US Recruiting Team toll-free at (844) 300-9193 or USRecruiting@hubinternational.com . This contact information is for accommodation requests only; do not use this contact information to inquire about the status of applications.