At Disney, we‘re storytellers. We make the impossible, possible. We do this through utilizing and developing cutting-edge technology and pushing the envelope to bring stories to life through our movies, products, interactive games, parks and resorts, and media networks. Now is your chance to join our talented team that delivers unparalleled creative content to audiences around the world. This is a unique opportunity to work in multiple fields for themed and traditional venues, Attractions, Restaurants, Hotels, Retail and Support facilities. Supports theme park and resort projects by developing concept drawings and designs, construction documents, accessibility surveys, facility condition surveys and by providing construction services, this position may be as a Design Manager or Owner’s Representative. Bachelor's Degree in Architecture and Post Professional Degree from an NAAB accredited University/College of Architecture or equivalent as required by the State of California for registration. 3 - 5 years of experience in field Minimum of 2 year leadership experience Minimum of 3 year consulting experience Minimum 5 years of experience with a facilities architecture and engineering group BSD and CSI Specifications experience Landscape and Planning experience a plus Registered Architect, State of California Proven minimum 3 to 5 years of experience in the Architectural profession Demonstrated familiarity with all phases of architectural practice Demonstrated Accessibility (ADA and CBC) design experience Demonstrated design management skills Demonstrated general business skills Demonstrated CADD experience (Current versions of Revit, SketchUp and AutoCAD) Familiarity with CBC codes, Title 24 and national standards Provides input into the development of guidelines and standards and the ability to perform as Architect of Record, Project Architect or Design Manager on moderate sized single and multi-discipline projects. Develops project scopes and sets project direction. Able to direct the work of architects, architectural designers, and the interfaces with landscape architects, civil, structural, mechanical, and electrical engineers, and outside A&E; consulting firms. This position will require daily interface with Walt Disney Imagineering, Creative Entertainment, Engineering Services, Parks and Resort Operators and Facility Asset Management. 574964