This position exists to provide administrative support for the Licensing and Certification Unit by offering program outreach and compliance assistance to pesticide applicators and companies, pesticide dealers, private applicators and commercial animal waste technicians. This position will assist with the technology transfer as needed and as program operations change. Position will engage in issue identification, policy implementation, facilitation and practical problem solving under the direction of the supervisor. Qualifications Minimum Qualifications A Bachelor's degree in Business, Accounting, Environmental Science, Computer Technology or a related field. OR Two (2) years of professional level experience executing complex operating procedures, providing technical assistance and interacting with clientele. AND Demonstrated verbal communication skills with experience speaking to groups or communicating effectively by phone. Demonstrated written communication skills with experience drafting documents or reports. High level attention to detail. Advanced computer skills including experience with standard office software (Microsoft Office word processing, spreadsheet management, database management, web applications with a good understanding of technology and computer systems. Advanced computer skills including word processing, spreadsheets, databases, and web applications. Must be available for reasonable travel, including some overnight, to accomplish core responsibilities. Must currently possess and maintain an active/valid driver’s license with an acceptable motor vehicle record subject to review. Preferred Qualifications A Bachelor's degree in Business, Accounting, Environmental Science, Computer Technology or a related field. More than two (2) years of professional level experience executing complex operating procedures, providing technical assistance and interacting with clientele. Experience in a project management or leadership role. Experience working with government regulations, ordinances or policy. Physical Requirements Position requires physical dexterity that permits standing, kneeling, bending and stretching and climbing up and down steps or ladders, lifting up to 20 pounds and traversing slippery/uneven surfaces. Position must perform routine office tasks such as sitting and viewing a computer for extended periods of time. Additional Requirements This position requires travel within the state and the need for occasional commitments after normal business hours. Application Details Why Work For Us GREAT BENEFITS PACKAGE! The State of Minnesota offers a comprehensive benefits package including low cost medical and dental insurance, employer paid life insurance, short and long term disability, pre-tax flexible spending accounts, retirement plan, tax-deferred compensation, generous vacation and sick leave, and 11 paid holidays each year. Additionally, you will: Engage in important quality of life and environmental matters. Gain practical knowledge about the issues that impact agriculture and other scientific pursuits. Works with regulators, educators and industry professionals who are tops in their field to develop training and certification tools. How to Apply Click “Apply” at the bottom of this page. If you have questions about applying for jobs, contact the job information line at 651-259-3637. For additional information about the application process, go to http://www.mn.gov/careers. Contact If you have questions about the position, contact Gary Edwards at gary.edwards@state.mn.us or 651.201.6472. Connect 700 applicants contact Tracy Ohmann at tracy.ohmann@state.mn.us or 651.201.6187. AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER The State of Minnesota is an equal opportunity, affirmative action, and veteran-friendly employer. We are committed to providing culturally responsive services to all Minnesotans. The State of Minnesota recognizes that a diverse workforce is essential and strongly encourages qualified women, minorities, individuals with disabilities, and veterans to apply. We will make reasonable accommodations to all qualified applicants with disabilities. If you are an individual with a disability who needs assistance or cannot access the online job application system, please contact the job information line at 651-259-3637 or email careers@state.mn.us. Please indicate what assistance you need.