Job Summary Under limited supervision, performs advanced and diversified administrative duties, for the head (typically a Division VP or Director) of a large organization unit. Assists in the development and maintenance of records, statistics, and reports; coordinates data and distributes information to the staff. Handles confidential matters and performs support functions which require a broad and comprehensive experience, skill and knowledge of Company policy and procedures. May utilize the assistance of lower level administrative assistants. Structures and organizes activities of the head of the organizational unit to facilitate the efficient operation of the department. Maintains excellent relationships with others. Job Responsibilities Structures, organizes and expedites the activities and workload of the head of the unit’s office. Prioritizes schedules, maintains calendar and develops a system of follow-up for projects, meetings and issues to assure the head of the unit’s office operates efficiently and effectively. Arranges and coordinates details for meetings, conferences, and special events. Screens correspondence. Prioritizes the mail and responds to correspondence as appropriate. Refers more complex and/or urgent correspondence to the head of the unit, gathers any additional information needed to respond. May compose and initiate routine correspondence. Represents the head of the unit professionally and effectively when dealing with internal and external contacts. Screens and prioritizes telephone calls and redirects to individuals who can quickly and efficiently respond. Calls that can only be handled by the head of the unit are referred to him/her. As appropriate, responds and resolves issues and answers questions within understood policies and procedures. Prepares reports, presentations, documents, etc. based on general instructions. Maintains relevant databases and related records. Review presentation materials to ensure that the head of the organization unit is able to effectively deliver the presentation to the intended audience. Distributes information and materials to the staff as required. Assists in compiling and developing the unit’s annual budget. Processes expense reports and monitors incoming invoices. Prepares forms to process and pay invoices. Communicates and/or coordinates the head of the unit’s instructions with various individuals or departments. Furnishes and obtains information from other executives or outside representatives. Handles confidential and/or sensitive information with high discretion. Obtains and furnishes information on behalf of the head of the unit. May manage various administrative projects. Participates in gathering research and generates reports as needed. Notifies project participants on timelines and completion dates. Makes necessary travel arrangements, including ground transportation and hotel accommodations. Prepares travel itineraries for the head of the unit and his/her direct reports May provide administrative support for multiple managers, either on a full-time or as needed basis. May delegate work to less experienced administrative staff. May coach and mentor these individuals. Provides input on performance evaluation. Walgreens, one of the nation's largest drugstore chains, is included in the Retail Pharmacy USA Division of Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc., the first global pharmacy-led, health and wellbeing enterprise. More than 10 million customers interact with Walgreens each day in communities across America, using the most convenient, multichannel access to consumer goods and services and trusted, cost-effective pharmacy, health and wellness services and advice. Walgreens operates 8,175 drugstores with a presence in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. Walgreens omnichannel business includes Walgreens.com. Approximately 400 Walgreens stores offer Healthcare Clinic or other provider retail clinic services. As the neighborhood drugstore and retailer, our goal is to make health and happiness simpler, easier and within reach. And we remain a trusted wellness provider offering convenient access to important health services, such as immunizations and an array of pharmacy services that can help patients improve their health. To our team members, Walgreens represents a unique opportunity to excel in their careers in a welcoming and inclusive environment. We offer the chance to work in a truly supportive environment, and be a part of a progressive organization dedicated to the well-being of our customers, team members and the communities we all call home. High School Diploma/GED and at least 1 year of general administrative experience (ex. Answering phones, making travel arrangement, distributing correspondence). Experience coordinating and scheduling multiple events simultaneously. Experience managing calendar for 1 or more individuals. Experience working with individuals at the executive level. Experience building and maintaining relationships within a team. Basic email and internet explorer skills (sending, receiving, and organizing communications). Intermediate level skill in Microsoft Excel (for example: using SUM function, setting borders, setting column width, inserting charts, using text wrap, sorting, setting headers and footers and/or print scaling). Intermediate level skill in Microsoft PowerPoint (for example: applying a theme, formatting character spacing, inserting a picture, changing slide layout and theme colors, adding transitions, customizing slide numbers, changing chart style and/or formatting font). Intermediate level skill in Microsoft Word (for example: inserting headers, page breaks, page numbers and tables and/or adjusting table columns). Experience using time management skills such as prioritizing/organizing and tracking details and meeting deadlines of multiple projects with varying completion dates. Experience developing ways of accomplishing goals with little or no supervision, depending on oneself to complete objectives and determining when escalation of issues is necessary. 2 years of general administrative experience. Associates or Bachelor’s Degree.