Are you passionate about Big Data? Ready to utilize your extensive experience in Spark and Hadoop stack to solve Fortune 500 clients, data and identity needs? This is a phenomenal opportunity for you to build smart, scalable systems using Hadoop stack technologies alongside top notch engineers. We are working on new wave technology that allows us to make decisions and predict the future with data! If this sounds like a dream come true to you, we saved you a seat on our team. We know you’ll be an amazing addition. To learn more about our device graph, please visit https://drawbridge.com/c/graph. About Drawbridge Drawbridge is the leading digital identity company, building patented cross- device technology that fundamentally changes the way brands connect with people. We use large-scale AI and machine learning technologies to build democratized solutions for consumer-friendly identity. Our technology is driving the intersect between mar-tech and other categories with applications including advertising, personalization, content management, product recommendations, authentication, and risk detection. We’re headquartered in Silicon Valley, backed by Sequoia Capital, Kleiner Perkins Caufield Byers, and Northgate Capital, and have been listed on CNBC’s annual Disruptor 50 list of groundbreaking companies twice, named one of Fortune’s 50 Companies Leading the AI Revolution, and has been included on the Inc. 500 list of fastest growing companies in America for two consecutive years. For more information visit www.drawbridge.com. What You'll Do Trail blaze. You will envision and innovate our big data platform technology built on Hadoop, Spark, Presto and Giraph. Influencer. You will innovate our architecture and technology adoption to improve system scalability and utilization of infrastructure. Be our Technical Design Guru. You will impact the design of new platform features in terms of data models and workflows. Keep us lean. You will influence how we code by setting best practices for writing efficient and maintainable code. What You Bring to the Table Big data Expert. __ You will use your expertise in Hadoop/Spark to successfully design architecture and development with large sets of data. Ability to look “under the hood”. System level understanding of Hadoop to find bottlenecks in the code and innovate. Curiosity. You have a keen interest in architecting big data platform using Hadoop technology. What’s In It For You Contribute to a fast-paced, high-growth company that will challenge you, and which was recently featured in Forbes, Fortune, TechCrunch, and AdWeek. Get rewarded with competitive pay, benefits, and pre-IPO stock options. Work with fun, intelligent people in a great work environment. Medical (PPO and HMO options), dental, and vision coverage. Flexible Spending Account (FSA) benefit. Life and disability insurance. 401K savings plan. Attractive vacation, sick, health, and holiday benefits. An excellent work culture of fun, respectful, open minds, diversity, and teamwork. The Drawbridge “X” Factor What sets Drawbridge apart is an authentic sense of community. We actually like hanging out together, whether we’re working to move the company forward, or getting to know each other a little better – in and out of the office. Our culture makes us excited to come to work, and we know that this strength helps us attract talented individuals who go above and beyond. If you’re different, you’ll fit. _As part of our dedication to the diversity of our workforce, Drawbridge is committed to Equal Employment Opportunity without regard to race, color, national origin, ethnicity, gender, protected veteran status, age, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, or religion, or any other unlawful factor. Drawbridge complies with all applicable laws, including those regarding consideration of qualified applicants with criminal histories (such as the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance). We are also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our Drawbridge participates in E-Verify._ _Note to Recruiters and Placement Agencies: Drawbridge does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Please do not forward unsolicited agency resumes to our website or to any Drawbridge employee. Drawbridge will not pay fees to any third party agency or firm and will not be responsible for any agency fees associated with unsolicited resumes. Unsolicited resumes received will be considered the property of Drawbridge._