Member Solutions Associates know how to build and maintain relationships. They focus on managing relationships with GLG’s Council Members: 425,000 former C-suite executives, academics, scientists, policy specialists, former public sector leaders and other top professionals. Member Solutions Associates interface with Council Members daily to strengthen their relationship with, and understanding of, GLG. Member Solutions Associates thrive in a fast-paced environment, multitasking between various responsibilities. They are curious individuals who are excited about a communication-driven role and problem solving with business and investment leaders. Whether it is walking the CEO of a Fortune 1000 company through GLG’s project workflow and payment platform or chatting with a new Council Member about building out her profile via our online chat feature, the Member Solutions Associate role is an exciting entry-level position in a growing global firm. GLG currently has the following Member Solutions Associate openings: Member Solutions Associate – Portuguese and Spanish Language Skills Member Solutions Associates with Portuguese and Spanish language skills will be aligned with Council Members located in Latin America. In addition to interacting with Latin American Council Members, in this role the Member Solutions Associate will work closely with GLG’s Latin American focused Research team. Member Solutions Associate – North American and Western European-based Council Members Member Solutions Associate will be aligned with Council Members located in North America and Western European-based Council Members. In addition to interacting with Council Members in these geographies, the Member Solutions Associate will work closely with GLG’s North American Financial Services Research team. Key Responsibilities: As a Member Solutions Associate, each day will present a variety of inquiries from both Council Members and colleagues requiring critical thinking and creative problem-solving skills. You will learn to master the Council Member relationship workflow while developing business acumen, time-management skills, professionalism, negotiation and communication skills. In our open and collaborative workspace, you will communicate with colleagues across multiple GLG teams in a friendly, idea-sharing, and support-driven manner. Complete a fast-paced training program that leads to client/end-market and industry alignment Interact with GLG Council Members and address their inquiries, via email, telephone, and live chat regarding their consulting relationship with GLG, including issues relating to payment and technology tools Partner with other GLG teammates to develop a deep understanding of client/end market strategy and offer support to alignment teams Develop knowledge of industry dynamics across all verticals and sectors through the use of technology tools and other creative means Collaborate with GLG’s compliance team to protect the integrity of all GLG engagements and to ensure that Council Member profiles are complete and up-to-date The Ideal Candidate: Across all of our positions, GLG seeks excellence, integrity, creativity, and professionalism. Specifically, we look for individuals who thrive in new environments and approach their work with precision and a drive to continually improve overall skill-set and performance. For this position, we seek applicants with bachelor's or master’s degrees from top-tier colleges or universities or equivalent work experience. The following factors will strengthen an applicant’s candidacy: Strong written and verbal communication skills using a variety of communication channels (telephone, e-mail, in-person, etc.) Demonstrated commitment and attention to detail, ideally in a high-volume, fast-paced environment; Strong analytical and problem-solving skills; Passion for fast-paced learning, especially in a technology-enabled environment; Passion for high-level customer service with a successful track record in working in a team environment; Ability to work effectively independently and/or collaboratively in a team; Undergraduate or graduate GPA of 3.3 or better. About GLG / Gerson Lehrman Group GLG's platform connects business to expertise for smarter, faster decisions. Our clients rely on GLG's 600,000+ member-experts and 1,600 employees around the globe to provide 24/7 insight and exceptional service within a rigorous compliance framework. Visit www.glg.it. We believe strongly in our mission- and values-driven culture. Our core values drive our success. They are: learning & curiosity, responsibility, courage, judgment, fresh perspective, service, and integrity. To learn more, visit www.GLG.it. EEO Policy Statement Gerson Lehrman Group, Inc. (“GLG”) is an equal opportunity employer and will not discriminate against any employee or applicant on the basis of age, race, religion, color, marital status, disability, gender, national origin, sexual orientation, veteran status, or any classification protected by federal, state, or local law.