About Us Right now, even though STEM skills are increasingly important, over 60% of students in Kindergarten through 8th grade are not proficient in math at their own grade-level. As a society, we need to bring together our best, most creative minds to tackle this critical problem and ensure all kids are successful in math and school and have the tools they need to reach their potential. This includes developing the most innovative learning technology using advanced data science in a way that inspires students and empowers teachers. Come help us make a difference at DreamBox Learning. We’re passionate about our mission to radically transform the way the world learns. Today, our Intelligent Adaptive Learning platform – with its rigorous math curriculum and game-based environment – is helping 2 million kids and over 80,000 teachers improve math achievement and build a love of math at the same time. And as a rapidly growing tech company, we are just getting started. Position Overview In this learning intensive role with excellent growth potential, the Business Analyst will provide day to day analytical support to the organization with an emphasis on sales analysis, reporting to Manager – Finance and BI. The best candidate is a curious, committed learner who is also a data power user constantly seeking efficiencies. This individual is process oriented and thrives on solving problems. Responsibilities Collect, cleanse, organize data from multiple sources for analysis and reporting Optimize reporting processes for accuracy, repeatability and efficiency Create, publish and maintain reports and dashboards in SFDC and BI tools for various end users within the organization Create and publish monthly/quarterly/annual Sales KPIs and Trend Analysis for Sales Managers, Sales Leadership and Executive Team Support the sales organization in all their reporting and analytic needs Track actual performance across sales territories on a weekly basis Deliver actionable insights to help drive strategy and revenue Monitor data and system rules in SFDC to ensure data integrity QA new reporting features and implementations Partner with Sales Operations Manager in understanding meaning behind the numbers to strengthen analyses Collaborate cross-functionally within the organization to ensure delivery of actionable sales data and reporting Ad hoc analysis and reporting as needed Qualifications 2+ years of analysis experience Expert skills in Microsoft Excel and spreadsheet modeling Experience with Salesforce.com Experience with BI tools such as Tableau, PowerBI, preferred Knowledge of Relational Databases and SQL, preferred High attention to detail and accuracy Ability to identify and implement work process improvements Ability to take initiative, work flexibly, and adhere to priorities with minimal supervision. Strong aptitude to learn new things, positive attitude, ability to collaborate across departments and personalities