Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. Facebook is looking for a leader for our Manufacturing Quality Engineering team. In this role, you will be responsible for leading a team of Manufacturing Quality Engineers who work manage Facebook’s global manufacturing footprint to develop and implement world class manufacturing quality programs for Critical Electrical and Mechanical equipment, Cabling and Fiber technology, and Connectivity hardware. This is a full-time role based at our office in Menlo Park, CA. RESPONSIBILITIES Hire, develop, and lead a team of Manufacturing Quality Engineers who cover electrical, mechanical, and fiber optics manufacturing quality for Facebook’s data centers. The team is also responsible for the manufacturing quality of Facebook’s connectivity hardware. Collaborate with cross-functional teams including Hardware Design, Technical Program Management, Sourcing, Data Center Facility Operations, Data Center Construction, and Partnership teams. Work with our internal stakeholders and external manufacturing partners to drive a culture of quality through implementing best practices and the development of strategies to scale. Collaborate with our partner’s executive teams to shape manufacturing investment and evolution. Ensure product quality targets are met at during manufacturing and at the data center. Ensure field quality data is used to provide continuous improvement for current and future products. Run and improve the business by defining and driving core manufacturing quality metrics. Provide metrics to quarterly business reviews to measure supplier health. Own and execute manufacturing site assessments and audits, product quality review process, and assist in root cause and corrective actions for field escalations. Work with the PLM team to structure bill of materials, manage product change notifications, and manage the hardware through the entire product lifecycle. 20% International travel may be required. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor’s degree in a business or technical discipline. 10+ years of experience in managing quality of equipment in Data Center Infrastructure or equivalent. 5+ years experience as a leader of a quality organization. Technical experience in Electrical (generators, low/medium voltage switching equipment, etc.), Mechanical (HVAC, evaporative cooling, etc.), and/or Fiber optic technologies. Experience building, developing, and leading global engineering teams. Experience leading cross-functional mission critical infrastructure quality programs. Communication experience with experience communicating strategy and status to multiple audiences. PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Master’s degree. Experience in managing wireless or telecommunications products.