Working 15 hours a week, the Operations Assistant will perform critical operations tasks, including: greeting visitors at reception, granting building access and directing to meeting rooms, answering phones and emails, processing and sending mail, scheduling and coordinating logistics of meetings and small events, maintaining tracking systems, office purchasing, working with vendors, and other duties as assigned They will work on special assignments and projects which may include building and populating tracking systems using Excel or preparation of correspondence and information packets. RESPONSIBILITIES AND SCOPE Does not supervise any staff, but may help plan and direct the work of volunteers or interns; Duties are performed according to instructions or established practices; supervisor will resolve any problems or questions; Maintain limited financial responsibility, which may include processing invoices or creating travel expense reports; May purchase equipment and supplies as provided for in budget and in consultation with supervisor; and May serve as a team member for assigned work teams. Work environment involves only infrequent exposure to disagreeable elements and minor physical exertion and/or strain. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS High school diploma + 1 yr experience or equivalent; Experience with administrative support such as: phones, mail distribution, or coordinating travel arrangements; Customer service experience; Experience working & communicating with a wide range of people; Experience demonstrating organizational skills & attention to detail, and; Currently enrolled at North Seattle College and eligible for Work Study DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS Multi-cultural/cross-cultural experience is appreciated. Experience managing diverse activities to meet deadlines; and, Familiarity with standard business communications. AUTO SAFETY POLICY No job description available HOW TO APPLY To apply to position number 46788, submit resume (required) and cover letter separately using the upload buttons. All applications must be submitted in the system prior to 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on September 4, 2018. Click “submit” to apply for the position or “save for later” to create a draft application for future submission. Once submitted, applications cannot be revised or edited. Failure to complete required fields may result in your application being disqualified from consideration. If you experience technical issues, please refer to our applicant user guide or contact applyhelp@tnc.org. The Nature Conservancy is an Equal Opportunity Employer Our commitment to diversity includes the recognition that our conservation mission is best advanced by the leadership and contributions of men and women of diverse backgrounds, beliefs and culture. Recruiting and mentoring staff to create an inclusive organization that reflects our global character is a priority and we encourage applicants from all cultures, races, colors, religions, sexes, national or regional origins, ages, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity, military, protected veteran status or other status protected by law. _The successful applicant must meet the requirements of_ _The Nature Conservancy’s background screening process._