We are looking for Boiler Operators with a Class B License who will be responsible for maintaining the efficient operations of the plant’s boiler room and still yard (asphalt operations) . This position would report directly to the plant’s Stillyard Process Engineer. Probationary pay is $31.49/hour and will go to $33.80 upon completion of the probationary period. Specific responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Process asphalt and provide steam to the plant Unloads trucks of raw materials to stills and production tanks T7 & T8. Perform tasks in a safe and efficient manner in compliance with all Federal, State, local, and GAF/Minneapolis Plant policies, regulations, rules, and standards including, but not limited to using proper Lock Out Tag Out (LOTO) procedures, confined space entry procedures, Personal Protective Equipment (PPE), maintain and operate the Stillyard and Boiler Room in an environmentally responsible manner. Maintain housekeeping in the Stillyard Area and Boiler Room to tour condition, including, but not limited to, picking up and properly disposing of all trash, grounds keeping, clean up and properly dispose of all raw materials and products from leaks and spills in a timely manner. All waste containers labeled and properly stored. Tools must be properly stored. Completes required equipment PM’s Completes small repairs to various systems, including steam and condensate systems. Take ownership of the equipment to be the eyes and the ears of the Stillyard and Boiler areas. Relay key issues and problems timely to appropriate personnel (i.e. supervisor, maintenance) via email & phone as required. Collects samples and performs quality testing on samples in the Stillyard and Boiler Room to maintain quality specification. Adjust process settings to achieve the quality specifications. Maintain a positive attitude in working as a team member with all departments. Set a positive example for other employees, and showing a sense of urgency to correct operational, safety problems & housekeeping problems. Demonstrates ability to train personnel in the operation, maintenance and troubleshooting of plant equipment and systems. Demonstrates sufficient Boiler and Stills competency to operate and trouble shoot Plant Boiler, Stills, Hot Oil Heaters, Incinerators and Plant air system. Monitors and oversee the plant Fire and Sprinkler system with the use of outside resources as necessary. Monitors heaters, incinerators, pumps, blowers, fume reduction systems, valves, boilers, tanks, instruments, flow meters, panel lights, other indicators, and other equipment to ensure proper operation, conformity of process conditions. Informs supervisor or other designee when unscheduled maintenance is required on equipment. Monitors work area to observe and inspect equipment for potential and actual hazards, wear, leaks, and other abnormal conditions. Completes daily and weekly check sheets as required. Utilizes company provided desktop computer and other electronic resources: Email as a form of communication to conduct GAF business. HMI/Wonderware to monitor and control the processes Statistical Process Control (SPC) software to input, maintain, and track statistical quality data obtained from quality tests. Wonderware Trend to analyze the process for trend analysis Confers with technical and supervisor personnel to report or resolve conditions affecting safety, efficiency, and product quality. Attends Safety/Operations meetings as required. Maintains cross training in both boilers and stills areas. Snow removal and department grounds housekeeping. Requirements: At minimum a high school diploma or GED equivalent A state of Minnesota Certified Class B Boilers’ Operators License Can work required shift-work and overtime. Ability to perform higher level mathematics and simple statistical calculations. Interact and interface at all levels of plant personnel, with ability to communicate with a variety of departments. Ability to function within a teamwork environment. Ability to communicate effectively one-on-one at all levels. Personal computer knowledge and experience. Ability to make decisions based on data. Vocational school, industrial experience, technical college or an accredited institution in certifying skills in the following areas: High pressure boilers operation, industrial maintenance, or a diploma in industrial technician or industrial machine maintenance, preferred. We believe our employees are our greatest resource. We offer competitive salary, benefits, 401k, and vacation packages for all full time permanent positions. We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and GAF, SGI, and Siplast are proud to be affirmative action employers. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. If applying for positions in the U.S., must be eligible to work in the U.S. without need for employer sponsored visa (work permit).