The Technology Consultants are the "face of Information Technology Services (ITS)" at Boston College. This is a unique position that focuses on the person and the solution while representing ITS. The purpose of the Technology Consultant position is to leverage technical knowledge with exemplary communication and interpersonal skills to assist customers in their daily interaction with technology. This position is responsible for providing local technical support and technical communications in a designated work unit, while maintaining positive relationships with faculty and staff. As a member of the 24 Technology Consultants team, this position also supports colleagues who support the other departments at BC. The Technology Consultant also assists with implementing and maintaining University hardware, software, and networking standards; collaborates with other ITS colleagues regarding issues requiring more specialized technical skills; monitors the completion of problems including the escalation to specific IT areas; works with the trouble ticketing database to ensure the highest level of customer service for members of the work unit; supervises the students assigned to provide technology support to the area; and creates and maintains documentation as necessary. The Technology Consultants are also responsible for establishing and maintaining collaborative relationships with departmental representatives to ensure that a high level of technology support and service is delivered. May be required to work additional hours to meet customer demand as well as project/unit deadlines and time frames. Two positions currently available: Associate Technology Consultant Requires: A minimum of one year of technical support experience. Technology Consultant Requires: A minimum of three years of technical support experience. Senior Technology Consultant Requires: A minimum of five years of progressively responsible technical support experience. Requirements Bachelor’s degree in a technology discipline preferred. A minimum of 2 to 4 years of experience directly supporting customers in a broad range of computing and communications technologies with strong analytical skills and a creative approach to problem solving. Demonstrated competency at simplifying complex situations and negotiating successfully in a diverse environment with multiple stakeholders. Self-directed and motivated to keep abreast of emerging technologies that can be applied to daily computing support. Excellent communication skills, including responsiveness, follow-up, general communicability, approachability, and a desire to help all levels of customers. Skills in multitasking, organization, and time management are essential. Expertise in using, installing, and troubleshooting desktop computers, FTP, voicemail, MS office suite, and e-mail. Boston College places a high value on customer satisfaction. Closing Statement Boston College conducts background checks as part of the hiring process. Boston College is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of any legally protected category including disability and protected veteran status. To learn more about how BC supports diversity and inclusion throughout the university please visit the Office for Institutional Diversity at http://www.bc.edu/offices/diversity.