As an experienced Infrastructure Development professional, your love of technology will have a direct impact on the future of the business. As a senior member of a high-performance team, you’ll be immersed in all the elements of Software Development Lifecycles- design, development, integration, operation, support and testing of infrastructure services. You’ll ensure team goals are met and best practices, architectural design standards, data, risk and security management policies are adhered to. You’ll be instrumental in designing, developing and testing code, solving more difficult technical issues, developing integration elements, building data models, APIs, and open 3rd-party SDKs. You’ll see your ideas come to life as part of a small, success-driven team. And as part of JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s global technology community, you’ll also have the ability to collaborate with peers around the world to tackle big challenges. This role requires a wide variety of strengths and capabilities, including: BS/BA degree or equivalent experience Significant experience in both Systems Engineering and Software development Proficiency in at least one of these disciplines: oInternals of distributed Operating System (Unix/Linux, Windows, Z/OS) oSystems programming oNetwork programming Experience using large scale software development in one of these languages: (Java, Python, .Net, C++, etc.) Experience using system and software security and entitlements such as SSO, windows, Kerberos, LDAP, Windows AD Experience with new and emerging technologies such as cloud and virtualization. Advanced knowledge in the following key areas: Hardware Architecture (performance testing, monitoring, operations), Hardware Benchmarking (Agile, program managements, network management), Design (compliance, security), Network Engineering (planning, provision) Advanced understanding of business technology drivers and their impact on architecture design, performance and monitoring, best practices and JPMC policies Proficient in multiple infrastructure technologies Demonstrated ability to conceptualize, launch and deliver multiple IT projects on time and within budget Ability to articulate to more experienced management a technical strategy in clear, concise, understandable terms Engineer monitoring capabilities to meet performance, security, high availability and other requirements. Lead design, Engineering and development of monitoring solutions via various products including: Dynatrace, Wily, Tivoli, Splunk, Edge, custom solutions, etc. Leveraging the firm’s Hybrid Cloud Reference Architecture, build a monitoring architecture that ensures we have the right tools in the right places for our application infrastructure. Our Consumer & Community Banking Group depends on innovators like you to serve nearly 66 million consumers and over 4 million small businesses, municipalities and non-profits. You’ll support the delivery of award winning tools and services that cover everything from personal and small business banking as well as lending, mortgages, credit cards, payments, auto finance and investment advice. This group is also focused on developing and delivering cutting edged mobile applications, digital experiences and next generation banking technology solutions to better serve our clients and customers. When you work at JPMorgan Chase & Co., you’re not just working at a global financial institution. You’re an integral part of one of the world’s biggest tech companies. In 14 technology hubs worldwide, our team of 40,000+ technologists design, build and deploy everything from enterprise technology initiatives to big data and mobile solutions, as well as innovations in electronic payments, cybersecurity, machine learning, and cloud development. Our $9.5B+ annual investment in technology enables us to hire people to create innovative solutions that will not only transform the financial services industry, but also change the world. At JPMorgan Chase & Co. we value the unique skills of every employee, and we’re building a technology organization that thrives on diversity. We encourage professional growth and career development, and offer competitive benefits and compensation. If you’re looking to build your career as part of a global technology team tackling big challenges that impact the lives of people and companies all around the world, we want to meet you. Apply today, and put your passion for technology to work at JPMorgan Chase & Co.