Who we are We are a new and rapidly growing team of change agents inside J.P. Morgan. We are data scientists and analysts, design strategists and business leaders creating and building data products that transform the way we and our clients do business - balancing the art of decision making with science. What we build matters and will have huge impact; our products and solutions will reach thousands of our clients around the world, and affect how J.P. Morgan does business, moving trillions of dollars a day. Our group will also work closely with FinTech teams to find emerging tech companies that can help us accelerate development of new products. Why join? New technologies, analytics and business models are emerging with the potential to radically transform financial services. You will be at the leading edge inside the company driving change. You will: Manipulate and analyze complex, high-volume, high-dimensionality data from varying sources using a variety of tools and data analysis techniques Become an expert in how money moves through J.P. Morgan’s core payments infrastructure, tools, systems and data. Develop deep subject matter expertise in the wide range domains in payments and liquidity to support a diverse set of products Work on data modeling, data prototyping, and insight generation using statistical techniques (going beyond traditional business intelligence) Invent creative and innovative ways to answer key business questions by leveraging existing data assets or creating new ones. We move 20% of US$ around the globe everyday. The possibilities with this data are endless. Collaborate with product managers, data scientists, engineers, end users, developers, and other stakeholders to integrate data discoveries and processes into operational capabilities Be a data storyteller, deliver practical data insights in a compelling manner to senior leadership. Articulate findings clearly and concisely including presentations, discussions and visualizations. Who you are A passionate, creative, analytical and experienced data analyst who loves big data, curious to explore and unveil insights to create a business story and to impact key business decisions. Specifically: Data background – 2+ years experience. Excellent analytical skills. Fluent in Python, R, SQL. Experience with data visualization tools. Experience with data management, manipulating large data sets through statistical software and data warehousing environments processing large volume of transactions. Knowledge of Hadoop technology a plus, including familiarity with HIVE, HBase in a Big Data environment Hybrid at your core \- You will bring a strong analytical, technical and product skillset. Looking for order and patterns in data. This is an incredible opportunity for hybrid thinkers that love to learn and synthesize in a high-performing culture. Cognitive and Communications Skill \- Highly articulate, built upon an underlying fundamental clarity of thought. Proactive approach to problem solving, taking ownership of issues and having the determination to follow things through. General ability to root out fundamental issues, bring order from chaos, synthesize elegant insights, and drive to clear decisions. Mindset \- Primary focus of building something of significance. Willingness to roll up sleeves and do whatever it takes. Self-confidence and personal presence that inspires confidence in others. Intellect, flexibility, and integrity that motivates others to trust and collaborate. Education \- BS/BA in a field that emphasizes data analysis and visualization (e.g. computer science, social sciences, physical sciences, math, engineering or statistics) or equivalent work experience