Job Type: Full-time Position purpose The Analyst works with specific offices to help them use computer systems to meet their business objectives. While other personnel in IT focus on providing reliable services for all employees campus-wide, this position spends time with individual functional areas to learn their language, understand their needs, and help them find effective ways to accomplish their mission. Typically this includes consulting with them about specialized software used in their office, helping design new database reports, and planning how to implement new functionality. This position will play a key role as NCU implements Ellucian Colleague in many offices over the next few years. Description of Duties Support one or more major departmental applications as assigned, plus additional smaller applications. Typical major assignments could include: Enterprise financial systems such as general ledger, accounts payable, or payroll Student financial systems to manage federal financial aid, charges, and payments Registrar systems to manage student class enrollments and degree completions Student Development systems to manage retention, housing, etc. Fundraising systems Recruiting systems Support specialized departmental software applications Respond to user issues, troubleshoot problems, and coordinate vendor support calls Initiate communications with clients and help them prioritize jobs Research and implement new functionality; analyze workflows to improve efficiency Maintain documentation on office procedures and system configurations Perform database-oriented development Consult with users about data structures Write queries and reports to support the retrieval of administrative and academic data Work with Microsoft SQL Server, Crystal Reports, and Microsoft Access Specialize in several skill areas in support of all offices; typical examples include: Administration of system navigation, security, etc. Maintenance of office user interface screens Administration of customer self-service screens Administration of SharePoint and portal environment Administration of workflow system and document imaging Development of web applications Programming in Java, PHP, or other languages Researching new applications as requested Help deliver “first level” support for all specialized departmental software applications Answer common questions for various specialized departmental applications Make initial response on client requests; gather information on symptoms/issues Perform “first five minutes” of troubleshooting for new incidents Proactively educate users to reduce occurrence of common problems Qualifications Required qualifications Experience in finding systematic solutions to business problems. Ability to understand client perspectives, master technical topics quickly, think logically, create documentation, communicate clearly, and work as part of a team. Preferred qualifications Bachelor’s degree. A working knowledge of SQL, Microsoft Access, database report-writing software, a programming language or other Information Technology specialties. Experience with Ellucian Colleague.