Title : Colleague Business Analyst Location : Fort Worth, TX Description General Purpose The ERP Business Analyst represents IT and will provide management and oversight of all technical and functional support activities for the Ellucian Colleague ERP system and institutional enterprise administrative systems. The ERP Business Analyst will provide problem resolution, analysis and specifications for software modifications, business process review, and general technical assistance. The ERP Business Analyst will work with end users to identify and resolve problems and determine solutions and best practices for business processes. The ERP Business Analyst will ensure continuous and quality services that include business process review and re- engineering, data conversion and upgrades, end-user optimization, project management, report writing, and patch management. The ERP Business Analyst will ensure that data and process operations are performed in the most effective and efficient manner. Any and all changes or modifications to the application systems are fully documented and thoroughly tested and approved by IT leadership before going into production. The ERP Business Analyst responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Collaborate with and lead user committees through process and business decision activities related to Colleague and other enterprise systems. Lead elicitation of business needs and requirements. Develop and review functional requirements for assigned projects. Regularly meet with users to understand evolving requirements and needs. Develop detailed project plans that specify goals, time frames, limitations, risks, contingencies, staffing, and other resources. Review technical requirements to ensure that the goals of the projects are being met and avoid scope changes. Facilitate fit/gap analysis for ERP modules and custom developed components, working with customers to ensure a complete review of the technology against current and changing business processes to ensure the most complete and clear implementation possible. Identify opportunities to streamline business processes to best leverage ERP systems. Document workflow and processes. Provide system configuration training and usage guidance to system users. Support departmental staff and administration with the identification, evaluation, selection, support and maintenance of systems solutions. Provide systems analysis, problem solving support, and technical guidance to provide efficient and effective use of administrative information systems in support of institutional goals and objectives. Provide maintenance, problem resolution support, and business office consulting. Provide timely communication and discussion with users about impact of necessary changes. Provide consistent and current communication and reports to management. Develop test plans and scenarios. Implement and adhere to test plans and change management procedures. Establish technical and implementation standards to ensure the long-term, cost effective management and support of the currently installed administrative systems. Provide technical support for vendor upgrades and maintenance. Maintain security and access. Provide performance monitoring and capacity planning. Excellent communication (written, verbal), interpersonal, organizational and time management skills. The development of business and/or functional software requirements. Ability to present and explain complex technical topics, problems and alternative solutions to others. Completes, maintains, and processes pertinent paperwork and records. Requirements: Bachelor’s degree from a four-year institution and at least two years of related experience or an equivalent level of post-secondary education and related professional experience. Strong knowledge of Colleague ERP Financials, Human Resources, Student Records, Admissions, Financial Aid, Portal, and other modules from both technical and user support perspectives. Software development life cycle and ERP concepts and functions. Strong Analytical and problem solving skills. Familiarity with Microsoft Office, Excel, and Project. Familiarity with MS SQL and common industry reporting tools (ie. Crystal Reports, Business Objects)