Senior Quality Assurance Analyst JobID: 52820 Position Type: Closing Date: 08/28/2018 Technology Professionals/Security Analyst Date Posted: 6/28/2018 Department: Information Assessment & Analytics Date Available: 06/28/2018 Location: Area: Job Category: Hattie Mae White Bldg. Northwest Technology Professionals Job Code: Contract Type: Months: 30003631 None 12 Salary Minimum: Salary Maximum: $58,954 $78,115 Attachment(s): Senior Quality Assurance Analyst – Information & Analytics (IA)- IT0665 Position Title: Senior Quality Assurance Analyst – Information & Analytics (IA) Contract Length: 12 Months Date: 09/29/10 Date of Last Revision: 08/11/17 Job Code: IT0665 Pay Grade: 30 FLSA Status: Exempt Job Family – Information Technology JOB SUMMARY: This analyst will be responsible for developing and executing formal test plans and test cases to help ensure the delivery of quality data warehousing and data integration deliverables. This position requires strong analytical and problem-solving skills to aid in validating ETL modules, BI reports and various types of data integrations. Responsible for developing and executing formal test plans to ensure the delivery of quality software applications. Involved in test planning, writing test cases/scripts, test case automation and test execution. Develops processes and collections of testing approaches that streamline testing while effectively ensuring the right processing and functionality exists. Is capable of defining, implementing and training unit, to string, be integrated, user acceptance, volume/stress, environmental and regression testing. Works on complex issues where analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth evaluation of variable factors. Exercises judgment in selecting methods, techniques and evaluation criteria for obtaining results. MAJOR DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES: List most important duties first 1\. Demonstrates strong command of software testing principles and experience participating in all phases of the Software Development Lifecycle. 2\. Leads the QA testing effort from planning and organization to execution and delivery. Develops, modifies, and executes software test plans. Analyzes and writes test standards and procedures. Maintains documentation of test results to assist in debugging and modification of software. Analyzes test results to ensure existing functionality and recommends corrective action. 3\. Performs requirement analysis, test planning and execution, and test reporting. Analyze requirements to assess completeness and testability. Provides timely feedback and constructive recommendations to the Business Analyst. 4\. Creates QA artifacts including: test plan, project specific test strategy, detailed test cases/test data, defect reports, and final test summary report. 5\. Performs various types of testing, including but not limited to the following: integration, backend data validation, usability, end to end system testing, performance/stress, and regression testing. 6\. Executes data validation process using SQL and ETL tools and perform root cause analysis where necessary. 7\. Writes SQL against relational databases to validate ETL processes and BI reports. 8.Maintains documentation of test results to assist in the debugging and modification of software. Analyzes test results to ensure correctness of all functionality. Identifies discrepancies/inconsistencies and perform root-cause analysis as needed. 9\. Manages encountered defects through resolution. Collaborates with development teams and business analysts in the resolution of encountered defects. 10\. Applies proven analytical and problem-solving skills to work on complex issues. Exercises strong judgment in selecting methods, techniques and evaluation criteria for obtaining results. 11\. Tracks and distributes testing results, status, and metrics to the project team on a regular basis to assist in making solid go/no-go decisions. 12\. Assists in the planning and facilitation of User Acceptance Testing as needed. 13\. Performs other job-related duties as assigned. EDUCATION: Bachelor’s Degree in business, computer science or other related field, Equivalent, relevant work experience of 4 years in addition to the minimum experience requirement of 7 years can be substituted for the education requirement. WORK EXPERIENCE: 7+ years relevant work experience in building QA frameworks within a large scale enterprise environment, 5 years of experience in working with large scale enterprise data warehouse/data integration/BI reporting applications/OLAP/and upgrade projects, 5 years of experience in creating and executing complex SQL queries, 5 years’ experience in various stages of DW operations, including data extraction, data transformation, data loading, data validation, testing TYPE OF SKILL AND/OR REQUIRED LICENSING/CERTIFICATION: Strong command of software testing principles and experience participating in all phases of the Software Development Lifecycle, In-depth knowledge of databases and SQL is required. Experience in SQL Server is preferred, Experience with testing in one or multiple ETL and business intelligence tools is required. Experience in Informatica and Cognos is preferred, Excellent verbal and written communication skills, Ability to manage multiple projects and adapt to changing priorities, Ability to work well both independently and as a member of a team, Strong attention to detail, Relevant IT certifications preferred, Having wide-ranging experience, uses professional concepts and company objectives to resolve complex issues in creative and effective ways. Has completed all levels of certification. Works to develop industry-level knowledge on new enhancements and developments coming in the next 1-5 years. Is actively working on a certification level in a related field. Application of advanced testing tools and applications performance tools. LEADERSHIP/SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES: No supervisory or direct people management responsibilities. Senior level positions are expected to provide work guidance, technical advice, training, and mentoring to other employees. These positions are expected to share information with less senior positions as they help them develop their skills. WORK COMPLEXITY/INDEPENDENT JUDGMENT: Work is substantially complex, varied and regularly requires the selection and application of technical and detailed guidelines. Independent judgment is required to identify, select, and apply the most appropriate methods as well as interpret precedent. Position regularly makes recommendations to management on areas of significance to the department. Supervision received typically consists of providing direction on the more complex projects and new job duties and priorities. BUDGET AUTHORITY: Compiles and organizes data and figures. PROBLEM SOLVING: Decisions are made with greater freedom and discretion, including recommendations that are subject to approval on matters that may affect multiple departments across HISD. Job is frequently expected to recommend new solutions to problems, to improve existing methods/procedures/services and generate new ideas. May also review decisions made by other individuals on more routine matters. IMPACT OF DECISIONS: Decisions have moderate impact to the facility/department or division, causing increased satisfaction or dissatisfaction; producing efficiencies or delays; promoting or inhibiting personal intellectual or professional development; and/or contributing to financial gain or expense. Errors may be serious, usually not subject to direct verification or check, causing losses such as improper cost calculations, overpayment or improper utilization of labor, materials or equipment. Effect usually confined to the organization itself and is short term. COMMUNICATION/INTERACTIONS: Negotiate and influence – interprets department strategies and services, resolves conflicts, influences outcomes on matters of significance for the division, conducts final negotiations and coordinates approvals/decision making below the executive level. Interactions are typically with customers and Top Management. CUSTOMER RELATIONSHIPS: Regularly assesses and diffuses complex, and escalated customer issues. Takes personal responsibility and accountability for solving systemic customer service problems. Regularly explores alternative and creative solutions to meeting the needs of the customer within HISD's policies and guidelines. WORKING/ENVIRONMENTAL CONDITIONS: Work is normally performed in a typical interior work environment which does not subject the employee to any hazardous or unpleasant elements. Repetitive motion: Substantial movements of the wrists, hands, fingers, and/or upper body for sustained periods of time, including using extremities to drag, push, pull or grasp. Sitting: Particularly for sustained periods of time. Work is normally set to specified shifts. This position is expected to be goal and customer service focused. During times of emergencies, outages and project planned work; employees are expected to be on call and available until the event is addressed. During system conversions, extra effort may be required in order to ensure the roll out of the system is successful.