Emser Tile, LLC, the nationwide supplier of high-quality floor covering products servicing world-leading retailers, builders and contractors seeks an experienced WAREHOUSE ASSOCIATE - PHOENIX, AZ. Emser Tile and Natural Stone, the nationwide supplier of high-quality floor covering products servicing world-leading retailers, builders and contractors seeks an experienced Warehouse Associate. This position supports our Branch in the distribution of company materials. Key Responsibilities Inspecting, identifying, handling, consolidating labeling, stocking, picking, packing and shipping inventory per Company policy. Maintaining warehouse inventory and records. Deal promptly with inventory discrepancies. Responsible for receiving, recording, issuing, and transporting the goods and supplies from the warehouse. Ensure will-call customers are handled efficiently and professionally. Assist in making inventory reports for evaluations and working under the direction of a supervisor. Successful candidates will thrive in busy environment, be highly organized and detail oriented. Qualifications (Knowledge/Skills/Abilities/Experience) Ability to accurately count/track product that is being received or shipped. Ability to create professional samples boards. Excellent Customer service skills. Computer skills. Forklift certification and experience using a wet saw a plus. Ability to lift 75+ pounds • Bilingual (Spanish and English) a plus. Must be able to pass a background check. Physical requirements Stand, use hands, and reach with hands and arms. Walk, stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. Sit, climb or balance. Lift and/or move up to 110 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this position includes close vision, peripheral vision, and ability to adjust focus. Exposure to moving mechanical parts. Occasionally exposed to fumes or airborne particles. May be exposed to a wide range of temperatures. The noise level is usually loud. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential functions. About Emser: The Emser Tradition of Excellence Comes From its People... Since its establishment in 1968, Emser Tile has become the leading supplier of the world's finest tile and natural stone. Through our international production network and product development expertise, we offer myriad of possibilities that help retailers, contractors, homebuilders, commercial builders, architects & designers bring their ideas to life. Although Emser has grown rapidly, our on-going dedication to outstanding quality and service remains the hallmark of our success. Emser is always seeking knowledgeable, career-minded professionals to become a part of our team and help drive our growth and expansion into new and existing markets. When it comes to challenging and rewarding career opportunities, Emser is the place to be! As an Emser employee, you will enjoy healthcare coverage including medical, prescription drug, vision and dental care. Your financial well-being will be supported through our 401(k) plan. Moreover, we offer a challenging & rewarding professional work environment. Emser's employee benefits package also includes: Paid Vacation Time Paid Holidays Life Insurance AD&D Insurance Voluntary Long Term Disability Career Development: Emser provides ongoing opportunities for professional training, and encourages internal advancement and mobility.