Data Analyst Sr CLAIM YOUR FUTURE AS A GREAT PERFORMER! Providing both satisfying and challenging work along with a highly professional and friendly work atmosphere, Sedgwick has a strong commitment to its colleagues and its clients. If you are seeking a place where you can do great things for those whose lives you touch while maximizing your own career possibilities, Sedgwick is the place for you. As the largest and most innovative Third Party Administrator in the claims industry and the first and only TPA to receive both recognition as the Best TPA in America and the coveted Employer of Choice designation, we invite you to come be a part of our team and, "Claim Your Future." PRIMARY PURPOSE: To create comprehensive reporting and analysis of statistical data; to monitor data for processing and procedures issues; and to support performance initiative by providing technical support and training to colleagues. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS and RESPONSIBILITIES Compiles data; prepares and distributes reports; and analyzes results. Assists in efficient and effective program management; identifies poor work quality and cost effectiveness trends; and works with appropriate staff in analyzing and compiling data from technical reviews, as applicable. Provides training and coaching on processing and procedures issues. Provides analysis and reporting of trends. Ensures data integrity; develops and produces reports utilized in measuring data accuracy. May assist in the completion of appropriate client set-up and maintenance (parameter) forms. Extracts data and analyzes information based on plan and jurisdictional requirements. Gathers and prepares statistical data for reporting; makes recommendations to management for training needs. May analyze data for cause and effect ratios, return-to-work and accommodations trending, disability durations, injury by job type analysis, disability diagnosis trending, etc. Presents results to client and/or management. ADDITIONAL FUNCTIONS and RESPONSIBILITIES Performs other duties as assigned. Supports the organization's quality program(s). Travels as required. QUALIFICATIONS Education & LicensingBaccalaureate degree with major in Computer Science, Finance or Economics from an accredited college or university preferred. ExperienceSix (6) years of related experience or equivalent combination of education and experience required. Three (3) years of query and report writing strongly preferred. Skills & Knowledge Thorough knowledge of query and report writing Excellent oral and written communication, including presentation skills PC literate, including Microsoft Office products Analytical and interpretive skills Strong organizational skills Excellent interpersonal skills Ability to work in a team environment Ability to meet or exceed Performance Competencies WORK ENVIRONMENTWhen applicable and appropriate, consideration will be given to reasonable accommodations. Mental: Clear and conceptual thinking ability; excellent judgment, troubleshooting, problem solving, analysis, and discretion; ability to handle work-related stress; ability to handle multiple priorities simultaneously; and ability to meet deadlines Physical: Computer keyboarding, travel as required Auditory/Visual: Hearing, vision and talking NOTE: Credit security clearance, confirmed via a background credit check, is required for this position. The statements contained in this document are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by a colleague assigned to this description. They are not intended to constitute a comprehensive list of functions, duties, or local variances. Management retains the discretion to add or to change the duties of the position at any time. Sedgwick is an Equal Opportunity Employer and a Drug-Free Workplace