Community Health Care is seeking a Outreach Referral Worker- Referral Tracking to join our team! Community Health Care is a private, non-profit organization created in 1987 in the Great Tacoma area with five medical, one urgent care and three dental clinics. Our mission is to provide the highest quality health care with compassionate and accessible service for all! Must pass excel test with at least 80% This position tracks all referrals for specialty care and diagnostic tests to completion. This includes ensuring appointments are scheduled, kept, and retrieving progress notes and results from specialist or diagnostic imaging center. We offer a competitive benefits package to all full-time employees including Medical, Dental, Vision, Paid Time Off, Continuing Education and Retirement Contributions! DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: 1\. Reports a. Runs urgent referral tracking report daily and ensures timely scheduling for urgent specialty and diagnostic testing. b. Works with Outreach to ensure barriers to scheduling are overcome so timeline is met. c. Contacts patients when issues arise and to ensure all needs for urgent appointment is met. d. Runs non-urgent referral orders and template report is run biweekly. e. Ensures non-urgent referrals are scheduled within 2 weeks and appointment time is communicated to patients. f. Ensures full completion or cancellation of every referral generated. g. Marks spreadsheet with actions taken to complete referral (e.g. “called specialist for notes,” “patient no showed- called patient to reschedule) 2\. Liaison with specialty and diagnostic offices to ensure appointment is scheduled. a. Contacts specialty and diagnostic office when specialist specifies they will schedule appointment and makes note of appointment date. b. Assists specialist/diagnostic site in contacting patient when issues arise. c. Communicates insurance issues for specialist/diagnostic site to Outreach team. d. Ensure patient is contacted to reschedule if patient no-shows. e. Contacts specialist/diagnostic site if progress notes and results not sent in timely manner. 3\. Assists patients overcome barriers to complete appointments a. Ensures patient has means to contact specialist to make specialty and diagnostic appointments b. Ensures patient understands importance of follow-through with specialty and diagnostic appointments. c. Contacts patient when appointments are not scheduled by phone and certified letter when needed. 4\. Completion/cancellation of referrals a. Completes referrals when progress note/results received. b. Cancels referrals when patient not responding to contact attempts. c. Ensures completion or cancellation of every referral generated. d. Troubleshoot issues when unable to complete or cancel 5\. Referral processing a. Able to process referrals to include checking insurance, performing prior authorizations, and scheduling appointments. 6\. Outcomes reporting a. Reports completion statistics to manager/ QI at least quarterly. 7\. Other duties as assigned Qualifications MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: High school diploma. Proficient at Excel, Word, and Outlook. Excellent communication and problem solving skills. PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS: Bilingual in Spanish. EMR experience. Healthcare experience.