Performs advanced (senior-level) information security analysis work. Work involves coordinating and/or planning, implementing, and monitoring security measures for information systems and infrastructure to regulate access to computer configuration and data files and to prevent unauthorized modification, destruction, or disclosure of information. May assign and/or supervise the work of others. Reports to the Information Resources Manager and works under limited supervision, with considerable latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment. ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Directs the agency risk management program through planning, developing, coordinating, and implementing information technology disaster recovery and business continuity planning. Coordinates and develops the implementation of computer system security plans with agency personnel and outside vendors. Coordinates agency policies for encryption of data transmissions and the definition of firewall configuration to protect confidential information in transit. Coordinates with all programs within agency for complete analysis and understanding of security infrastructure. Confers with users to discuss issues such as account permission and data access needs, security violations, and programming changes. Advises management and users regarding security configurations and procedures. Designs, automates, manages, and deploys security applications and infrastructure program activities. Develops and recommends plans to safeguard computer configurations and data files against accidental or unauthorized modification, destruction, or disclosure and to meet emergency data processing needs. Modifies and monitors computer configuration and data files to incorporate new software and virus protection systems, correct errors, or change individual access status. Plans and deploys continuous automated security compliance capabilities. Monitors, evaluates, and maintains systems and procedures to protect data systems and databases from unauthorized access. Participates in the development of information technology disaster recovery and business continuity planning. Develops and manages information security and risk management awareness and training programs. Assists with reviews of results of special investigations, internal audits, research studies, forecasts, and modeling exercises to provide direction and guidance. Performs, assists and reviews technical risk assessments and reviews of new and existing applications and systems, including data center physical security and environment. Regulates and reviews access to computer configuration and data files and prevents unauthorized modification, destruction, or disclosure of information. Researches, evaluates, and recommends systems and procedures for the prevention, detection, containment, and correction of data security breaches. Trains users and promotes security awareness to ensure system security and to improve application, server, and network efficiency. May assign and/or supervise the work of others. Performs related work as assigned. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: EDUCATION: Graduation from an accredited four-year college or university is required (substitution allowed). PREFERRED EDUCATION: Graduation from an accredited four-year college or university with major course work in information technology security, computer information systems, computer science, management information systems, or a related field. EXPERIENCE: Three years of information security analysis work is required. (must demonstrate on application) SUBSTITUTION: Additional years of experience in information security analysis work may be substituted for education requirement on a year-per-year basis up to four years. REGISTRATION OR LICENSURE: Valid driver's license is required. If not currently a Texas resident, must obtain a Texas Driver's License within 30 days after entering Texas as a new resident. A satisfactory driving record is required for operating state or personal vehicles to conduct agency business. CERTIFICATIONS: One or any of the following certifications is preferred : CompTIA Cyber Security Analyst (CSA+); CompTIA Security+ (Security+); Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP); Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA); Certified Information Systems Manager (CISM); Certified in Risk and Information Systems Control (CRISC). OTHER REQUIREMENTS: Selected candidate must pass a federal security background investigation. The process includes a National Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and fingerprinting. New employees must complete and sign the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) Form SF85. Completed forms are submitted to the OPM for the background investigations. The Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986 requires all new employees to present proof of eligibility to work in the United States within three (3) days of being hired. The Texas Military Department participates in E-Verify and will provide the Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), with information from each new employee's Form I-9 to confirm work authorization. Upon hire with the State of Texas, males between the ages of 18 through 25 must provide proof of registration or exemption with the Selective Service. For further information, visit the Selective Service website at https://www.sss.gov/RegVer/wfVerification.aspx. PHYSICAL/WORKING CONDITIONS Work may be performed inside in an office setting or outside at project or work sites. Work may involve sitting, standing, walking, stooping, kneeling, climbing or crawling. Occasionally work may be performed in inclement weather and/or may required protective equipment. Work requires regular use of a personal computer and telephone. This position may periodically require the ability to lift, carry, move and/or set up equipment and materials that weigh up to 50 pounds. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES: Knowledge of: local, state, and federal laws and regulations relevant to information security, privacy, and computer crime principles and practices of public administration and management technology across all mainstream network, operating system, and application platforms; operational support of networks, operating systems, Internet technologies, databases, and security applications; information security practices, procedures, and regulations. Skill in: the use of computers and applicable software configuring, deploying, monitoring, and automating security applications and infrastructure Ability to: resolve complex security issues in diverse and decentralized environments; learn new information and security technologies direct and organize program activities; identify problems, evaluate alternatives, and implement effective solutions; develop and evaluate policies and procedures; prepare reports; communicate effectively resolve advanced security issues in diverse and decentralized environments VETERANS EMPLOYMENT PREFERENCE If you qualify for a Veteran Employment Preference, it is mandatory that you provide the required documentation at the time of applying. Documentation must be provided before a Veteran Employment Preference can be granted. REQUIRED DOCUMENTATION Veteran – DD Form 214 or; Surviving Spouse of a Veteran who has not remarried - Marriage Certificate and DD Form 1300 or; Orphan of a Veteran who was killed during active duty – Birth Certificate and DD Form 1300 VETERANS: Use your military skills to qualify for this position or other jobs! Go to www.texasskillstowork.com to translate your military work experience and training courses into civilian job terms, qualifications and skill sets. Veterans, Reservist or Guardsmen with an MOS or additional duties that fall in the following fields or other related fields pertaining to the minimum experience requirements may meet the minimum qualifications for this position and are highly encouraged to apply: United States Army - Cyber Network Defender (25D) United States Navy - Cryptologic Technician (CT) United States Coast Guard - Information Resources Management (26) United States Marine Corps - Cyber Network Operator (0651) United States Air Force - Cyber Warfare Operations (1B4X1) Additional Military Crosswalk information can be accessed at: http://www.hr.sao.texas.gov/Compensation/MilitaryCrosswalk/