If you think windows and doors aren’t technology-driven, think again. We're constantly setting new standards for windows and doors that raise the bar for the entire industry. From the products themselves, to the way they are produced and sold, Andersen is looking for professionals like you who can help us expand the future of windows and doors. PURPOSE: The Data Scientist will utilize their analytical, statistical and programming skills to collect, analyze, and interpret large data sets. Then use this information to assist in the development of data-driven solutions to difficult business challenges. This role will support all areas of the business working closely with cross-functional teams and various stakeholders to improve business outcomes. In addition, this role can strategically influence the data science program at Andersen. PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES: Work independently with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions. Assess various data sources and utilize data gathering techniques for preparing data for analysis. Mine and analyze data from company databases and external data sources to drive optimization and improvement of business strategies. Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets. Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, and other business outcomes. Coordinate with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes. Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy. Communicate discoveries and outcomes to stakeholders. Drive acceptance of your solutions and influence decision-makers to use the results of your work. Understand and anticipate problems, move with speed to solve them and enable your partners to make better decisions more quickly. Qualifications CULTURE AND BENEFITS: Our vision is to make the world a better place by living up to the promise that everyone benefits from their association with Andersen. We’re committed to making a difference through challenging ourselves each day, recognizing and rewarding success, taking pride in our work and honoring a legacy built on doing the right thing. There is great respect for life outside work so that you can bring your best self to work. We are committed to demonstrating mutual respect and appreciation of our similarities and differences so that each employee can realize his/her potential and we exceed our customers’ expectations. As an innovative and industry-leading organization, we think of benefits more broadly. From your health care to your work environment, to your development and quality of life, we think beyond basic benefits to provide a total rewards package including, but not limited to: Medical/Dental/Vision/Life Insurance Health Savings Account contributions Paid holidays plus PTO 401(k) plan & contributions Professional development & tuition reimbursement opportunities A culture that supports work-life balance An environment where collaboration is key Volunteer opportunities – on company time Environmentally conscious business decisions 10,000+ employees and career opportunities nationwide QUALIFICATION AND SKILL REQUIREMENTS: Bachelor degree in mathematics, statistics or computer science; Master degree preferred. Typically requires 3-5 years of relevant quantitative and qualitive research and analytics experience. Proficient at scale with statistical analysis, exploratory data mining, and predictive modeling techniques. Strong proficiency in applying statistical techniques using a range of software/codebases. Ability to communicate complex data theories to technical and non-technical audiences. Proficiency in statistical analysis, quantitative analytics, forecasting/predictive analytic, and optimization algorithms. Strong communication and interpersonal skills with the ability to speak to both business and technical teams as well as clearly translate ideas between them. Passionate about data science and analytics and the value that can be created through information exploitation.