Caliber Home Loans, Inc. is one of the nation's fastest-growing mortgage lenders. We didn't move into the fast lane because of clever marketing campaigns or flashy television ads - our talented employees worked hard to help us rise to the top of our industry. Here at Caliber, we've replaced the stereotypical corporate culture with a casual "dress for your day" work atmosphere that promotes creativity and a collaborative environment that allows our team members to thrive. POSITION SUMMARY The Senior Network Engineer is responsible for the most complex systems and platforms, needs minimal or no assistance, mentors other team members, architects, develops, installs, and maintains the network infrastructure solutions that transcend into other technical and business departments. RESPONSIBILITIES Works with management to determine LAN, Wireless LAN, WAN and Telecom business needs and implements effective enterprise-wide network strategies. Responsible for complex system design and implementations, including network architecture and configurations to maximize the sharing of applications, information and resources across the company. Coordinates with vendors/departments to procure hardware, software and services and obtains their assistance to achieve timely completion of projects. Manages the LAN, Wireless LAN and WAN Telecommunications communication network to ensure effective use of the installed technology. Investigates and resolves problems, inefficiencies and enhances network performance. Provides strategic planning and technical support to determine LAN, Wireless LAN, WAN and Telecommunications business needs throughout the company. Evaluates, tests, recommends, and implements specific network solutions. Creates, and maintains network documentation and performance growth and planning needs. Trains and mentors process and procedures Plans, manages and provides leadership on project teams, including the identification of the project scope and objectives and managing the process for timely project completion. REQUIREMENTS Project management, analysis, processing skills preferred CCNP Certification preferred Excellent communication skills, both orally and written Strong analytical abilities, customer service experience Platform specific database and administration advanced certifications for router, switch, gateway, contact center, messaging and voice portal solutions. Platform specific design and engineering advanced certification for router, switch, gateway, contact center, messaging and voice portal solutions. Advanced Routing and Switching, Dial Plan Design and IP Peer Networking Firewall and Load Balancing Advanced TCP/IP advanced CCNP (Voice, Routing and Switching, Security, Wireless, Collaboration) MS Office - Advanced skill set Our employees demonstrate the Caliber Ways of Work (WOWS) every day through: Collaborating Contagiously Caring Fiercely Doing the Right Thing Leading Thoughtfully Caliber benefits and perks will WOW you! Our benefits package includes: comprehensive medical, dental, and vision insurance, short-term and long-term disability, 401(k),10 employer paid holidays, as well as numerous employee discount programs. We are proud to be a military friendly employer, and provide paid leave during military assignments for employees who serve in the Guard or Reserve. Employees who work at our Coppell headquarters experience additional perks that include: standing desks, complementary coffee and tea stations, an on- site gym and activities center with ping-pong and pool tables, and an in-house café. Caliber is an equal opportunity employer.