We have an exceptional opportunity for a Lead Big Data Engineer who will be responsible for leading the architecture, design, and implementation of new capabilities across multiple Big Data projects with various IT teams in our organization. C.H. Robinson has a well-established Data Warehousing and Business Intelligence practice. We are growing in the big data, machine learning, predictive analytics and cognitive computing areas. We are looking for a candidate who seeks big challenges as part of a strong agile team, who has great collaboration skills, and who has an ability to deliver resilient technology solutions to tough business problems. This position must be located in Eden Prairie, MN. Partial relocation assistance available for non-local candidates. Responsibilities: Provide technical leadership in the architecture, design and implementation of Big Data strategy and best practices Support, maintain, and enhance capabilities focused on big data technology within the Hadoop environment using technologies such as HDFS, Hive, Sqoop, Druid, HBase, Spark/Spark Streaming, Kafka and other Big Data technologies Collaborate with enterprise architects, product owners, data scientists and engineers to bring big data and data science R&D; projects into Production. Contribute to the product architecture roadmap aligned with maintaining the integrity of our big data practice and satisfies the business need to fast value delivery Collaborate with a range of stakeholders and leaders in IT and the business Architect, design, deliver, test, and troubleshoot complex data implementations Coordinate with solution architects and engineers to evolve the data, governance and analytics strategy Guide, mentor and influence architectural direction and principles adoption Qualifications: Required Qualifications 2+ years of experience in Big Data technologies Proficiency with analytic, optimization, database and data visualization tools – Hadoop ecosystem, Python, Spark, Hive, Kafka, SQL, R and other NoSQL technologies (ElasticSearch, MongoDB. Etc.) Experience in designing big data lake/warehouse for data integration from enterprise wide applications/systems Lambda architecture for ingestion including real-time streaming technologies (Kafka, Storm, Spark Streaming) Knowledge about data replication, data masking, and performance factors, etc. Ability to combine strong analytical and technical skills with business skills to engage with a wide range of stakeholders Preferred Qualifications Cloud – private/hybrid/public, Big Data (Spark, Cloudera, Hortonworks) ecosystems Experience with: C.NET, Elastic, Angular JS React, Node.JS, HTML5, CSS, RESTful Services, Hadoop, Spark, Python, R, Linux, Hive, HBase, Kafka, Redis Education Undergraduate degree in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Physics and/or equivalent work experience Benefits We offer a competitive compensation package and excellent benefits including medical, dental, and vision insurance, prescription drug coverage, paid holidays and vacation, disability insurance, life insurance, 401K with company match, profit sharing, Employee Stock Purchase Plan, and the opportunity to prosper in a Fortune 500 company. About C.H. Robinson Become a part of our team of over 500 talented IT Professionals. Work in collaborative, Agile development environment. Find continuing challenges and work with committed leaders. Stay with us – we’re large enough to build global solutions, but small enough to make real impacts as individuals. C.H. Robinson—accelerating careers with immense opportunities and professional growth within the global supply chain industry. Start here. Accelerate here. Every individual working at C.H. Robinson is integral to the success of our customers and our company. C.H. Robinson is a Fortune 500, global company that values teamwork, initiative, accountability, and integrity from its employees. We work globally and innovate daily to enhance and execute supply chains that move goods around the world. The fast pace of the logistics industry translates into a high-energy and collaborative workplace environment. We are empowered to make decisions, help our customers grow, and accelerate our careers. No matter the product being shipped or from which corner of the globe, C.H. Robinson can help make it happen—quickly, securely, and reliably. Through personal connections and solid relationships, our employees use their in-depth knowledge, robust tools, and global network to help customers reach their goals quickly. Whether shipping by plane, rail, ship, or truck, C.H. Robinson has the knowledge, flexibility, and dedication to deliver the goods that make our world go ‘round. Join the 12,000 employees worldwide who are accelerating their careers at C.H. Robinson. Equal Opportunity Employer C.H. Robinson - Affirmative Action Employer/EOE/M/F/Disabled/Veteran LI-MM1