Administrator, Database and AnalyticsMH Tower Job Description The Database and Analytics Administrator oversees the day-to-day and long-term operations of all aspects of the Foundation database (Raiser’s Edge) and assures its quality, consistency, and accuracy. This position is responsible for data integrity, improvement, analysis, research, staff training, database and website integration, and payment portal management to maximize fundraising revenue. Typically reports to a Director of the Foundations group. Minimum Qualifications: Education: Bachelor’s degree in business or related field Experience / Knowledge / Skills: 3-5 years of experience in database management Advanced skills with Blackbaud products, particularly Raiser’s Edge. Intermediate skills with Omatic products and Crystal Reports. Advanced Excel and Word skills (pivot, vlookup, macro commands) Ability to both work independently and as an integral member of a team Ability to lead projects and meet deadlines in a fast-paced environment Demonstrates commitment to the Partners-in-Caring process by integrating our culture in all internal and external customer interactions; delivers on our brand promise of “we advance health” through innovation, accountability, empowerment, collaboration, compassion and results while ensuring one Memorial Hermann. Principle Accountabilities: Maintain the overall database integrity and quality, including routine data improvement, data auditing, systems checks, and database functions. Does analysis as required to advance fundraising campaigns for Memorial Hermann. Provide staff training, support, and feedback on data entry and reporting for all database users, as appropriate. Develop and maintain queries/exports for direct appeals, email campaigns, publications, events, and ad hoc projects Collaborate with team members to track and report on fundraising progress and donor trends. Assess and implement other technology-based solutions for fundraising, marketing, and communications and provide fundraising related webpages using Online Express. Identify opportunities for systems integration to improve data quality, reduce data entry, and increase cross-departmental collaboration. Ensure the ethical and confidential use of donor and prospect information, as is consistent with the standards of Memorial Hermann and the Foundation. Manipulate, import and extract data from Raiser’s Edge. Provide feedback and input to improve efficiencies of function area. Ensures safe care to patients, staff and visitors; adheres to all Memorial Hermann policies, procedures, and standards within budgetary specifications including time management, supply management, productivity and quality of service. Promotes individual professional growth and development by meeting requirements for mandatory/continuing education and skills competency; supports department-based goals which contribute to the success of the organization; serves as preceptor, mentor and resource to less experienced staff. Other duties as assigned.