Discover is looking for a talented, enthusiastic and proactive individual who is ready to take their next challenge in full stack software development with built-in-quality. Why work at Discover? Because we strive to be the leading direct bank and payments partner. You will want to work as part of a close-knit team in order to deliver results without the constraints of cubicles. Responsibilities: Developing and delivering enterprise applications and shared components. You will design and develop systems by using Agile development methodology and support existing and new product features. Develop, build, test, automate and deploy Enterprise applications. Diagnose, troubleshoot and fix issues in the production environment. Identifies problems and possible solutions, and takes appropriate action to resolve production issues. Participate in R &D, Analysis and Proof of Concept in new technology initiatives. Team members are expected to support production and pager rotation, after hours or weekend work is expected occasionally, and we have a flexible schedule to support work-life balance There is an expectation that this Chicago based person will need to visit Discover’s Riverwoods Headquarters1 to 2 of days a week for project related meetings. You will be successful at Discover if you can: Break down complex requirements into workable technical solutions to solve the product owner’s problems Design, develop and validate high quality software for large scale distributed systems Collaborate with other developers on peer-programming, code reviews and process enhancement Actively contribute to instill best practices to support a strong software architecture Our Technology Stack: Java, Spring, REST API, SOAP ReactJS, Drupal, PHP, Node, JavaScript, WireMock, Nexus Jenkins, GitHub, Nexus, Chef, Ansibl Hadoop, Spark, Storm, Kafka Rabbit MQ PCF, Linux, Cloud Foundry Oracle, AWS/RDS Cucumber CI/CD Pipeline Automation using Jenkins Variety of scripting languages GitHub Not eligible for employer sponsored nonimmigrant visa sponsorship Skills: Basic Qualifications: Degree in Computer Science, or technical field or equivalent professional experience in a related field. 1 year + experience working in a technological environment Desired Skills: Knowledge and uses fundamental concepts, practices, and procedures to solve problems within primary field of expertise. Strong skill in Application, UI and Web development Hands on programming experience with Java, JavaScript/HTML/CSS, Web, PHP, JSON, REST Working knowledge and experience with systems integration as well as object-oriented design patterns and development Effective oral and written communication skills Excellent interpersonal skills Ability to work under pressure of multiple projects and deadlines Ability to effectively prioritize workload and manage changes in direction Ability to interpret and apply required policies and procedures Ability to work in a team environment An interest to gain hands-on experience with highly scalable and reliable applications Understanding of Java, JavaScript/HTML/CSS, Web, PHP, JSON, REST based applications Familiar with software development methodologies Strong understanding of object oriented principles Ambitious, self-motivated, and willing to grow in a challenging environment LI-MF1 We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.