Summary/objective: The Database Administrator III (DBA III) is a key member of the Data Services team. This role will be involved in the design, maintenance and monitoring of database systems while ensuring security and a high level of data availability. This individual is responsible for the delivery of high-quality, timely solutions and services that meet the needs of Data Services and the organization as a whole. Participation by the DBA III in the full lifecycle of Data Services solutions including design, development, testing and implementation is required. This role is responsible for following the standard operating procedures set forth by the Data Services team, and alerts Data Services Manager to potential impacts/failures in SOP. The DBA III will act as mentor to junior Data Services team members. Essential functions: Maintenance of the data warehouse, including persistence layer (operational data store, reporting warehouses, metadata management) and oversight of hardware/software configuration. Continually ensures completeness and compatibility of the technical infrastructure and data warehouse implementation to support system performance, availability and architecture requirements. Engages with IT external partners to ensure SLAs are met and company processes and policies are adhered to. Reorganize database structures as needed: Automate procedures at regular intervals; use tools to reorganize or de-fragment database table spaces, tables, and indexes; provide efficient database environment to maximize productivity and improve performance. SQL Server RDBMS performance monitoring and tuning: Closely monitor performance; identify problems and implement solutions; ensure the database is running at optimum speed and efficiency. Ensure database availability, performance, and supportability can meet application requirements. Ability to work with application groups to determine those requirements. Participate in 24/7 on-call rotation. Knowledge, Skills, and Attributes: Expertise in data storage and management technologies for both OLTP and DW solutions. Strong knowledge of how indexes, index management, integrity checks, configuration, patching. How statistics work, how indexes are stored, how they can be created and managed effectively. Strong knowledge of SQL Server Database HA technologies, including AlwaysOn and Log Shipping. Experience in troubleshooting and resolving database integrity issues, performance issues, blocking and deadlocking issues, replication issues, log shipping issues, connectivity issues, security issues etc. Experience in Performance Tuning, Query Optimization, using Performance Monitor, SQL Profiler and other related monitoring and troubleshooting tools. Ability to troubleshoot SQL Server related CPU, memory, I/O, disk space and other resource contention. Strong experience in Database Administration and experience with: SQL Server Database 2008R2 SQL Server Database 2012 SQL Server Database 2016 SQL Server Management Studio SQL Server on Virtual Servers PowerShell scripting skills SQL Server Security Practices Knowledge of SQL Server tools (Profiler, SSIS, SSAS, SSRS, SSMS, PerfMon, DMVs, system procs) Experience installing, administering, and troubleshooting the Oracle home and/or MSSQL instances. Supervisory responsibilities: None Work Environment: This job operates in a professional office environment. This role routinely uses standard office equipment such as computers, phones, photocopiers, filing cabinets and fax machines _._ Physical Demands: This is largely a sedentary role: However, while performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to talk or hear. The employee is frequently required to stand; walk; use hands to finger, handle or feel; and reach with hands and arms. The worker is also required to have close visual acuity for viewing a computer terminal, reading, transcribing, and preparing and analyzing data and figures. Position type and expected hours of work: This is a full-time position, and typical work hours are Monday-Friday 7:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. or 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Some flexibility in hours is allowed, but the employee must be available during the “core” work hours. Travel: Minimal to no travel expected in this position. Minimum Qualifications: B.S. Information Systems or equivalent with 7+ years' experience, providing Database Administration of development/test/ sandbox/production servers in enterprise environments to include Microsoft SQL Server Database and Oracle. 8 years of additional relevant experience may be substituted for education. Affirmative action plan/equal employer opportunity (AAP/EEO) statement: Parsley Energy is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All applicants will be afforded equal opportunity without discrimination because of race, color, religion, sex, marital status, national origin or ancestry, age, physical or mental handicap unrelated to ability, or an unfavorable discharge from military service. Disclaimer: This job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee. Other duties, responsibilities and activities may change or be assigned at any time with or without notice