Title: Arizona State Parks & Trails Landscape Architect Assistant (1 position) Start/End Date: July 23, 2018 – May 31, 2019 (anticipated) Salary: $450/week (+Education Award) Term: 45 weeks Reports To: AZ State Parks and Trails Construction Manager Location: 23751 N. 23rd Ave. Phoenix, AZ 85085 Status: 1700-hour AmeriCorps Service Term Benefits: The Corps Network health insurance provided by Cigna, AmeriCorps child care assistance; AmeriCorps Education Award $5,815.00 after successful completion Summary: Arizona Conservation Corps (AZCC): Arizona Conservation Corps, a program of Conservation Legacy, aims to continue the legacy of the Civilian Conservation Corps of the 1930's. AZCC is focused on connecting youth, young adults, and recent era military veterans with conservation service work projects on public lands. AZCC operates programs across Arizona that engage individuals and strengthen communities through service and conservation. AZCC has program offices in Flagstaff and Tucson. Arizona State Parks & Trails (ASPT): Arizona State Parks & Trails (ASPT) manages and conserves Arizona’s natural, cultural and recreational resources for the benefit of the people, both in our parks and through our partners. Arizona State Parks protects and preserves 35 State Parks and Natural Areas. The agency also includes the State Trails Program, Grants Program, the State Historic Preservation Office, as well as the Off-Highway Vehicle Program, and more. ASP provides over 1,400 camping and RV sites throughout the parks and manages 8 of the top 25 most visited natural attractions in Arizona. Position Summary: Working with the Arizona State Parks & Trails Development Team, this AmeriCorps intern will assist with the completion of landscape design projects, contributing to the beautification and sustainability of ASPT. The intern will plan and prioritize projects, collaborate with engineers, architects, contractors, and park managers to establish project requirements and goals, and assist in all phases of project completion. This position entails both field and office work, and the intern can expect state-wide travel. Essential Responsibilities and Functions: Create renderings of future projects, and assist with preparation of proposed plans using CADD software. Help prepare site plans, construction plans, specifications, materials, and cost estimates. Assist in creating draft master plans, detailed development plans, and site specifications. Survey project sites to determine size and scope of each project. Gather and analyze environmental and geographic data. Work with the ASPT GIS team to develop a GIS landscape layer. Create restoration plans for human-impacted areas. Ensure observation and maintenance of cultural and environmental requirements. Required Skills Minimum Qualifications: Undergraduate degree in Landscape Architecture, Natural Resource Management, Parks & Recreation, Geospatial Science, or another Environmental related field. Must be able to hike long distances and be available to travel throughout the state with some overnight travel expected (approx. 20-30% of the time). Possess the ability to work independently with attention to detail and a high level of organization. Preferred Qualifications: Proficient, strong skills in ArcGIS software, MS Office Suite, and Adobe Acrobat. Previous training in ATV/OHV use. Working knowledge of ArcMap GIS applications and handheld devices like GPS. Teamwork oriented with clear, direct communication and interpersonal skills. Applicants must pass a criminal history background check, and should possess a valid driver’s license with a clean driving record. Physical Requirements: To successfully perform essential functions, the individual is required to sit, stand, walk, speak, hear, etc… May be required to stoop, kneel, crouch or crawl for significant periods of time and be able to safely lift 50 pounds on a routine basis. Reasonable accommodations may be made for qualified individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Participant Essential Eligibility Requirements: Participation and Expedition Behavior: Work effectively as a member of a team despite potentially stressful and difficult conditions. This may require problem solving on an interpersonal or group level as well as a willingness to accept differences. Contribute to a safe learning environment; no harassment of others for any reason. Willingness and ability to complete all aspects of the program including conservation projects, education, training, and national service. Members must commit to participating in all crew/team activities, including service days in local communities where applicable. Effectively communicate ideas and concerns as they arise directly to supervisors, colleagues, and organization staff. Appropriately represent the Arizona Conservation Corps, Arizona State Parks & Trails, and AmeriCorps to the public and partners at all times. Learn and practice ‘Leave no Trace’ outdoor living techniques. Safety and Judgment: Effectively communicate danger to others in the form of either a warning of danger others may be encountering or a notification of personal distress, injury or need for assistance. Must be able to do so at a distance of up to 50 meters and in conditions with limited visibility or loud background noise such as darkness or high winds. Effectively perceive, understand, and follow direction by others so that you will be able to successfully execute techniques to manage hazards. Stay alert and focused for several hours at a time while traveling and working in varied weather conditions. Respond appropriately to stress or crises. If taking prescriptions medications, participants must be able to maintain proper dosage by self-medicating without assistance from others. Substance Free: In accordance to a drug free workplace, alcohol and drugs are prohibited while participating in AmeriCorps and program activities and while on organization property. To Apply: Please submit a resume and cover letter along with the online application. If you have questions, contact Tucker Herbert at tucker@conservationlegacy.org. For more information about Arizona Conservation Corps, please visit www.azcorps.org. Arizona Conservation Corps is a program of Conservation Legacy. Required Experience