Job Description: At Stanford Health Care we're driven each day by our mission to heal humanity through science and compassion, one patient at a time. We're health care pioneers whose relentless pursuit of excellence has created life-changing advancements for millions of patients. Our physicians and nurses performed the first successful adult heart transplant and developed the balloon catheter, which radically transformed cardiovascular care. Our Digital Solutions group has pioneered innovative digital health offerings consistent with our Silicon Valley roots. When you join us, you'll become a part of this legacy of leading-edge, coordinated and compassionate care. Job Summary: The Reporting Analyst is responsible for the design and development of moderately complex reporting solutions (including standard reports, Adhoc data exploration, and analysis solutions) across a variety of functional areas such as ambulatory operations, acute care, business strategy/development, HIMs, etc. This individual will work with team members, end users, and others to triage requests, define requirements, design, develop and deploy high-quality reporting solutions that meet current and future foreseeable user needs utilizing SHC's tools and infrastructure. Essential Functions: Must perform all duties and responsibilities in accordance with the C-I-CARE Standards of the Hospital. C-I-CARE is the foundation of Stanford's patient- experience and represents a framework for patient-centered interactions. Understand report requirements and build reports that functions as desired. With supervision, performs analysis, development, and testing of reporting solutions using SHC reporting tools such as Crystal Reports, WebI, Qlikview, and SAP Universes Design and maintain metadata tools such as SAP universes that will be used for end user self-service. Builds effective working relationships with team members, including hospital staff, new users, etc across multiple functional areas such as ambulatory, acute care, HIMs, business development/strategy, etc. Troubleshoots incidents surrounding supported solutions. Prepares complete, accurate and well written specifications, designs, test plans, and operations documentation. Delivers high quality Reporting & BI solutions that enable user functionality with minimal on-going maintenance and a low volume of production incidents (production failures, help desk calls, etc.). All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, color, religion, national origin, protected veteran status, or on the basis of disability. Equal Opportunity Employer Stanford Health Care (SHC) strongly values diversity and is committed to equal opportunity and non-discrimination in all of its policies and practices, including the area of employment. Accordingly, SHC does not discriminate against any person on the basis of race, color, sex, sexual orientation or gender identity and/or expression, religion, age, national or ethnic origin, political beliefs, marital status, medical condition, genetic information, veteran status, or disability, or the perception of any of the above. People of all genders, members of all racial and ethnic groups, people with disabilities, and veterans are encouraged to apply. Qualified applicants with criminal convictions will be considered after an individualized assessment of the conviction and the job requirements. Qualificiations: Minimum Qualifications Education: BS/BA in information technology or business-related field from an accredited college or university Experience: Two to four years of experience creating reports using clinical healthcare data. Prefers 2 years of experience working with reporting on clinical workflow data in both the ambulatory and acute care settings. License/Certification: Certification in at least one Epic Clarity Data Model or equivalent experience reporting from an electronic medical database. Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities Delivers high quality Reporting & Analytics solutions that meet user requirements with minimal on-going maintenance and a low volume of production incidents (production failures, help desk calls, etc.). Proficient with best practices and common processes for developing solutions with SHC tools (i.e., SSIS, Crystal Reports, WebI, Qlikview, etc.) utilized in role. Troubleshoots incidents and enhancement requests surrounding supported applications. Recommends improvements to supported applications. Prefers 3+ years experience with SQL in an Oracle and/or SQL Server enviroment. Very proficient with SQL (joins, multpile joins, subqueries, unions) including DDL for creation of tables, views, materialized views, etc. Prefers 2+ years experience using Crystal Reports or Webi for reporting on clinical healthcare data Prefers 2+ years experience using SAP Business Objects for promotion of reports through different environments, scheduling reports, and distribution of reports. Prefers 2+ years experience with creation and maintenance of end user Adhoc and data exploration solutions (i.e., SAP BusinessObjects universes, Explorer, etc. or Qlikview/QlikSense development). Ability to perform basic performance tuning to optimize queries to meet user needs. Demonstrated proficiency with Data Warehousing and ETL concepts, including: source to target mapping, transformations, error handling, job control, logging, alerting, and scheduling. Complex Report writing & some metadata (universe) creation with SHC standard tools. Operates with minimal supervision. Accountable interaction up to Tier 4 levels of the organization Demonstrated ability for completing moderately complex projects and/or multiple assigned projects. Highly capable individual with expanded skill sets -Understands SHC's vision and communicates it to others. Appropriately questions how their assigned work relates and supports this vision. Mastered one clinical healthcare domain and learning others. Ability to anticipate design or technical problems and suggest viable alternatives. Partner with multidisciplinary teams with limited supervision. Track record of consistently good work with only occasional problems or defects. Utilizes strategic A3s and is proficient with Lean methods Makes reliable operational internal decisions with limited supervision. Can present ideas to peers and peer-group end-users. Effective verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills. LI-AL1 ~LI~