Job Information Job Summary: The Project Assistant III provides clerical support for the academic, clinical and administrative operations of one or more sections. Supports a wide variety of clerical functions for faculty, fellows, nurses, staff, research assistants, and trainees. Handles general office duties such as making copies, scanning, filing, typing general correspondence, sorting mail and faxes, maintaining office equipment and supplies, running errands, and answering the section telephone. Provides general assistance to visitors and guests, including guiding them to appropriate locations/offices. Responds to general inquiries and triages as appropriate. Assists in coordinating events, meetings, and calendar management for faculty. Responsible for submitting requests for payment of invoices, the purchase of goods and services, and the processing of reimbursements. Other duties as assigned. Responsibilities: Maintain supply inventory and order supplies through Buysite. Arrange meetings, events and/or conferences for faculty and staff, including arranging for any audio visual needs and/or placing or receiving orders for food and delivery. Schedule conference rooms; may include reservation management of one or more conference rooms. Provide calendar management support for faculty, as needed or requested. Answer section phone and triage calls to appropriate faculty, staff, and/or trainee. Maintain online directories, paging list, phone lists, and section email listserve. Responsible for photocopying, faxing, and filing. Process reimbursements through GEMS and ePayment systems, as requested. Manage sorting and distribution of mail and FedEx packages; includes coordination of external mailings such as creating departing faculty notification letters and sending letters to referring physicians. Assist with fellowship, faculty and/or staff recruitment activities; includes but is not limited to creating interview itineraries, escorting individuals while on campus, coordinating travel arrangements, etc.May occasionally provide faculty with assistance in gathering documentation for recruitment activities. Assist with escorting visitors to meetings. Assist in onboarding process for new faculty, staff and trainees, including technology set up for phone, computer and correspondence with IT Services. Assist with Medical Staff Office credentialing and re-credentialing process for faculty, other academic personnel, and APNs. Responsible for submitting facility work order requests, including maintenance of photocopier, fax machine, equipment repairs and upgrades. Submit System Access Request Forms (SARFs) for Epic and other technology access needs for faculty, staff and trainees. Complete 3rd next available reports on a monthly basis for section providers. Assist with maintenance of CME and other relevant documentation for the section. Initiate prior authorizations for sections as needed. Request medical records as needed. Request updates to data dictionaries from the Epic team to ensure up-to-date referring physician contact information. Submit extra service payment request for trainees. Competencies: Ability to successfully handle multiple competing tasks in a competent and professional manner while meeting deadlines required. Ability to prioritize work to meet needs of faculty, staff and administration required. Ability to proactively anticipate physician needs and resolve problems required. High level of initiative, strong editing skills and superb organizational abilities required. Ability to provide excellent customer service required. Ability to work effectively with supervision and as part of a team, individually, or while taking direction from others. Ability to maintain confidentiality and discretion at all times required. Ability to learn new methods to improve the position and to effectively incorporate them into the job required. Attention to detail required. Collaborative approach to meet needs of section(s) required. Ability to identify and resolve problems, with input from management, as appropriate, required. Ability to adjust to changing priorities required. Ability to solve problems effectively, and to escalate when warranted, required. Polite, professional and helpful demeanor both in person and on the phone required. Ability to respond diplomatically to highly stressful, unexpected and nuanced situations required. Additional Requirements Education, Experience, and Certifications: Education: High School Diploma or equivalent required. Bachelor's degree strongly preferred. Experience: Three (3) years of office experience required. Hospital or academic medical center experience strongly preferred. Technical Knowledge or Skills: Strong verbal and written communication skills required. Proficiency in Microsoft Word, Excel and Adobe required. Knowledge of EPIC, GEMS, BuySite, ePayment, and MedHub preferred. Working Conditions and Physical Requirements (if applicable): Office Setting Required Documents: The following documents are required to be considered for this position: Resume Cover Letter Professional Reference Contact Information: Three (3) references required, two (2) must be a current or former manager. NOTE: When applying, all required documents, including cover letters, MUST be uploaded under the Resume/CV section of the application. Salary Range: $18.12-$26.52 Benefit Eligibility Yes Pay Frequency Hourly Pay Range Please refer to Additional Requirements to see the pay ranges Scheduled Weekly Hours 40 Union 024- Local 743, I.B.T. Clerical Job is Exempt? No Drug Test Required? No Does this position require incumbent to operate a vehicle on the job? No Health Screen Required? No Posting Date 2018-08-02-07:00 Remove from Posting On or Before 2019-02-02-08:00