\----------- Who we are: \----------- We are Code Pilot, a data science company with the mission to change the hiring process. An engineer should be judged on their talent which is why we created Code Pilot portfolio. An intelligent platform where you showcase, validate, and share your skills with hiring managers in real-time. There is no need for a resume, cover letter, phone screen, or technical interview when you build a Code Pilot portfolio. Let your code do the talking. \------------------- We are looking for: \------------------- A new team member to support the development of a platform for one of our hiring partners. In order to be eligible, please build your Code Pilot portfolio at https://portfolio.mycodepilot.com Do you want to build your brand by working for an up and coming startup that is changing the landscape of employment opportunities for fellow software engineers? Are you interested in leveraging your DevOps skills and technical abilities to improve mission execution? If so, we could be the place for you! We are a well funded proven entrepreneurial/engineer startup. \--------- You will: \--------- Perform project tasks independently, and may direct the efforts of others Participate in and/or lead the development of deliverable content that meets the needs of the client and contract Provides coaching to junior staff Contribute to new business proposals and proposal development Manages own personal and professional development; seeks opportunities for professional growth Build tools to explore and analyze graph data, distributed over dozens of nodes in a cloud-based cluster Develop and deploy in the cloud Develop machine learning pipelines and put your models into production Create custom user interfaces that enable end users to interact with millions of records Work collaboratively with other bright and creative developers, architects, and business leaders \--------------- Qualifications: \--------------- Demonstrated ability to creatively solve technical problems Demonstrated ability to work collaboratively with a small team Experience working in a cloud based environment, such as the Google Cloud Platform (GCP), or the Amazon Cloud and using languages such as Jupyter and TensorFlow \-------- Desired: \-------- Experience working independently with minimal guidance Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills with experience exercising mature judgment Experience with JavaScript, Microsoft SQL Server (MS SQL Server), Google Cloud, Amazon Cloud Service, SDLC Scrum Process, Python, JavaScript, ReactJS, Node, and MongoDB \------------ Our culture: \------------ Transparency, innovation, collaboration, execution: these are the tenets of our culture. Our positive and supportive culture encourages our people to do their best work every day. We celebrate individuals by recognizing their uniqueness and offering them the flexibility to make daily choices that can help them to be healthy, centered, confident, and aware. We are continuously looking for new ways to maintain a culture where our people excel and lead healthy, happy lives.