The Information Technology Director will provide leadership and coordination of clinical informatics and bioinformatics efforts in the the ATHENA Breast Health Network and I-SPY Clinical Trials. The IT Director will be responsible for the day to day work of the TRANSCEND system, an information technology bundle of services that supports the adaptive I-SPY 2 TRIAL developed by the same team that built and supports the ATHENA Breast Health Network. I-SPY 2 is open at 16 sites across the US and Canada. ATHENA is a large scale, UC system wide project initiated by UCSF with the intent to drive innovation in breast cancer prevention screening and treatment. The project currently has the five UC cancer centers as participants and anticipates growing the network into community practices in the future. The I-SPY and ATHENA projects center of operations reside at UCSF within the Breast Care Center. As well, the director will work on improvements to TRANSCEND to support the upcoming I-SPY 2+ TRIAL including making sure that I can be certified as FDA 21 CFR part 11 compliant. As well, we may develop a confirmatory trial for I-SPY 2+, I-SPY 3, that will be open at over 60 sites in 8 countries. This position will also be responsible for the integration of the IT initiatives, including the OneSource Checklists that we are developing to drive structured data capture in the clinic, with data seamlessly flowing to trials, quality improvement efforts. The goal is to take the best elements of the TRANSCEND system (I SPY) as well as the Health Questionnaire system (Athena ) OneSource and Breastcancertrials.org to support a model of integrated care and research. This work will be done in collaboration with Quantum Leap Health Care Collaborative, our longstanding partner. The Director will develop a quality assurance testing unit that will support I-SPY, Wisdom,OneSource and the Health Questionnaire System. The QA team will report to the Director. The IT product managers for I-SPY and ATHENA and OneSource will jointly report to the IT Director as well as their Program Supervisors. The Director will also take an inventory of all systems being used by the programs and be responsible for working with the team to create an integrated architecture that optimizes all of the tools and their functionality. The IT Director will work closely with our CIO for updating the tools, the day to day functioning, QA, and data integrity. The IT Director will also be a critical point of contact for the Salesforce team that works with us on building an improving the functionality of our Salesforce health applications. Required Qualifications Five years experience as an information management professional with extensive experience in healthcare at a senior level position responsible for information technology direction Two years of experience as a senior management responsible for information technology and direction Advanced degree; or equivalent work experience in health informatics Bachelor's degree in a clinical subject, healthcare informatics, or related area and / or equivalent combination of experience / training Thorough knowledge of clinical informatics operational systems, concepts, policies, principles, best practices, methodologies, technologies, budgeting, design, deployment, quality assurance, security issues, and regulations Thorough knowledge of healthcare information technology, medical terminology, and of all relevant clinical information systems, with a strong understanding of the application of computational tools to enhance and improve clinical practice Excellent skills in developing strategic plans, building staff competencies, organizing operations, and fiscal management; must have experience in strategic technology planning and execution Excellent leadership skills, with the ability to create and maintain a goal-oriented climate of teamwork and collaboration across departments for effective problem solving, conflict resolution, support for organizational values, and consistent achievement of objectives Excellent analytical, and critical-thinking, organizational, and business process optimization skills, with the ability to quickly troubleshoot problems, and apply complex analytics to identify and implement effective solutions Excellent ability to collaborate with senior management and executive-level staff, to develop and implement objectives, goals, budgets, strategic plans, policies, and priorities, and to measure and evaluate operations in conjunction with them Excellent communications skills to convey complex information clearly and concisely to all levels of staff and management, with the ability to motivate, influence, and persuade others, and cultivate a strong commitment to efficiency, functionality, and quality customer service The flexibility to orient and work at all UCSF Medical Center locations Preferred Qualifications N/A Licensure/Certification N/A Living Pride Standards Service Excellence Demonstrates service excellence by following the Everyday PRIDE Guide with the UCSF Medical Center standards and expectations for communication and behavior. These standards and expectations convey specific behavior associated with the Medical Center’s values: Professionalism, Respect, Integrity, Diversity and Excellence, and provide guidance on how we communicate with patients, visitors, faculty, staff, and students, virtually everyone, every day and with every encounter. These standards include, but are not limited to: personal appearance, acknowledging and greeting all patients and families, introductions using AIDET, managing up, service recovery, managing delays and expectations, phone standards, electronic communication, team work, cultural sensitivity and competency. Uses effective communication skills with patients and staff; demonstrates proper telephone techniques and etiquette; acts as an escort to any patient or family member needing directions; shows sensitivity to differences of culture; demonstrates a positive and supportive manner in which patients / families/ colleagues perceive interactions as positive and supportive. Exhibits team work skills to positively acknowledge and recognize other colleagues, and uses personal experiences to model and teach Living PRIDE standards. Exhibits tact and professionalism in difficult situations according to PRIDE Values and Practices Demonstrates an understanding of and adheres to privacy, confidentiality, and security policies and procedures related to Protected Health Information (PHI) or other sensitive and personal information. Demonstrates an understanding of and adheres to safety and infection control policies and procedures. Assumes accountability for improving quality metrics associated with department/unit and meeting organizational/departmental targets. Work Environment Keeps working areas neat, orderly and clutter-free, including the hallways. Adheres to cleaning processes and puts things back where they belong. Removes and reports broken equipment and furniture. Picks up and disposes of any litter found throughout entire facility. Posts flyers and posters in designated areas only; does not post on walls, doors or windows. Knows where the Environment of Care Manual is kept in department; corrects or reports unsafe conditions to the appropriate departments. Protects the physical environment and equipment from damage and theft. The flexibility to orient and work at all UCSF Medical Center locations is required. Equal Employment Opportunity The University of California San Francisco is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran or disabled status, or genetic information. Further information about the University of California, San Francisco, is available at diversity.ucsf.edu. UCSF seeks candidates whose skills, and personal and professional experience, have prepared them to contribute to our commitment to diversity and excellence, and the communities we serve.