Engineer III, Network \- (18000276) Purpose of the Engineer III, Network Position: Supports multiple sub- groups within the GCI Business Department; responsible for architectural design, development, implementation, and support within the company and/or between business departments that follow telecommunication industry standards using engineering principles. Essential Duties of the Position: Ensures the integrity of high availability network infrastructure in order to provide maximum performance in design, implementation, and support. Defines, designs, and implements network and/or system facilities utilizing standard engineering concepts of availability, efficiency, redundancy, scalability, and security. Designs and implements new solutions and continues improvement of the current network and/or systems facilities. Maximizes performance through the use of network monitoring tools, troubleshooting network and/or system outages, scheduling updates, and collaborating with architects on optimization. Maintains professional skillset by participating in educational opportunities, technical organizations, reading professional publications, and personal use of technology. Provides detailed reports on network operational status, and milestones related to project completion. Configures firewalls, routers, switches, voice, and video hardware in support of network operations and projects. Capable of remote site support for off-site personnel and customers. Audits, forecasts, and manages capacity of IP addressing, bandwidth forecasting, hardware, software licensing, and hosted devices. Coordinates with project management and engineering teams on a regular basis. Supports and manages escalation events. Develops and updates documentation and support materials. Mentors junior engineers and technicians. Defines KPIs for operational management, provides and updates operational documentation, training, and network drawings Works with management and engineering staff to determine future network architecture and planning requirements, and assures that needs are met by proposed future designs and long term plans. Project coordination to include: facilitating customer sales via technical support and engineering efforts. Additional Job Requirements: This is a senior level position, and requires the ability to perform highly complex and diverse duties under deadlines and operating constraints. Design, plan, analyze, and implement networks delivering services across multiple company business departments. Must be able to make independent engineering decisions and provide technical direction for resolution. Responsible for review and provide final engineering design specifications and service requirements. Receives clear direction on assignment objectives, complex features, and possible solutions; supervisory assistance on unusual problems. Capable of performing project engineer on large projects with the ability of mentoring, coordinating, directing, assisting, and providing technical direction to junior engineers and technicians. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: Expert knowledge of standard network engineering concepts. Expert knowledge with firewalls, routers, switches, voice and/or video hardware, network applications and related technologies. Expert diagnosis of Layer-2 and Layer-3 data network problems. Expert knowledge of IP address nomenclature, protocols, and routing. Comprehensive understanding of standard engineering concepts such as high availability, redundancy, reliability and testing, security, and standards. Strong verbal and written communication skills. Superior ability to create and edit network drawings. Superior ability to provide training to team members on technology. Superior time management skills to smoothly and professionally manage multiple complex projects on time and on budget. Ability to work independently and within a team environment, professionally Must have a thorough knowledge and working experience in network design and configuration utilizing Juniper’s and/or Cisco's Service provider product lines. Must have high-level knowledge of Windows, Server Virtualization, and/or Linux operating systems. Minimum of three years’ experience in any combination listed below. Progressive experience in the information technology field within in a network environment. Experience in network design and implementation using Engineering Principles. Documented experience in environment requiring complex project management, including technology insertion. High School diploma or equivalent required. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Technologies, Electrical Engineering, or related field is required. Or, a combination of relevant education and/or work experience sufficient to perform the duties of the job may substitute for the degree on a year for year basis. Additional experience as a network engineer or alternate industry, specific certifications may contribute toward education requirement. Qualification is also based upon individual job performance. Industry specific certifications are highly valued and may contribute toward education required. Associate level: CCENT, CCT, CCNA, CCDA, JNCIA Professional level: CCDP, CCNP/advanced level, expertise with networking and skills Expert: CCIE Additional Examples/types of certifications: HDI Microsoft ITIL CompTIA Physical Requirements: Primarily sedentary office work with some travel to site locations where indoor and outdoor work may be required. Physical effort may include stooping, kneeling, touching, feeling, reaching, standing, walking, pushing, pulling, lifting, fingering, grasping, talking, hearing, using hand tools, and repetitive motions. Incidental lifting without assistance of up to 50 lbs (only 1 to 2 times per day); includes caring below shoulder level and walking with load using trained lifting techniques. Working Conditions: Most activities conducted inside under pleasant climatic conditions. Work can be intense and stressful due to time/resource limitations when scheduling multiple tasks with inflexible deadlines. Travel for business and training purposes may be required. GCI and its subsidiaries operate in a 24/7 environment providing critical services to Alaskans and may need to respond to public health and safety matters or other business emergencies. Due to business needs, employees may be contacted outside of the normal business hours to respond to the immediate emergency. You will be requested to provide an emergency after hours contact number. Driving Requirements (if applicable): Must possess and maintain a valid driver’s license, proof of insurance, and a satisfactory driving record. May need to drive to company facilities and/or customer sites within Alaska or Lower 48. GCI is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or another characteristic protected by law. Revised 1/2018 Primary Location US-WA-Tukwila Job Engineer Job Posting Apr 25, 2018, 5:01:36 PM Recruiter Meredith MacMillan