Apply for Job Interested Location 1333 Park Avenue Emeryville, 94608 Description Hourly Rate: $48.63-65.63 Monthly Salary: $7,375-$9,954 Why consider working for the City of Emeryville? The City of Emeryville is a premier employer who values diversity and supports outside of the box thinking and innovation. Our employees are our most valuable asset and as such we provide them with training, mentorship, and career growth opportunities, as well as with excellent salary compensation and benefits. As a Management Analyst, you will join a team of strong, tenured and effective staff and management team in a fast-paced, dynamic work environment dedicated to serving and improving the lives of the residents of Emeryville. Your talent, skills, and expertise will make a difference in the way the City provides essential services to the community. The City is a full-service city with 152 full-time employees and an operating budget of approximately $40 million with a healthy reserve of roughly $21 million. The Public Works Department is staffed by approximately 20 employees, including administrative, engineering, clerical and maintenance staff. The Department is responsible for maintaining the City’s public parks, facilities, streets, sidewalks, bridges, signs, right-of-way and infrastructure. The Department strives to provide residents and the business community with the highest quality of service. About the Position Do you want to take your career to the next level? We are looking for a highly analytical, skilled and talented individual to join the Public Works Department to work on complex and technical assignments and projects. The Management Analyst position is a unique career opportunity for individuals who are looking for a job that they can define and make their own. The successful candidate must have the ability to work in a demanding and fast-paced environment with minimal supervision and little margin for error; and possess a high level of professionalism, excellent customer service skills and strong work ethic. The Management Analyst will be responsible for: Budget Preparation and Tracking: Responsible for budget development, including budget preparation, projection, and analysis. Provide detailed oversight of personal and non-personal appropriations and expenditures. The Public Works Department has an $6M annual operating budget and $100 million Capital Improvement Program. Grants Management: Responsible for the sourcing, application for, management, and monitoring of grants and meeting compliance requirements. General Administration: Responsible for a variety of administrative work that requires interaction with departments throughout the City in addition to external agencies. Examples of administrative work include preparing contracts; overseeing procurement, billing and accounts payable activities; serving on regional committees; preparing and editing presentations and reports; running various financial queries and reports; developing and implementing policies and procedures; and monitoring and analyzing legislature. Personnel and Staffing: Working with the Human Resources Department as the lead, coordinate the department’s recruitment and hiring process, assist with short- and longer-term staffing strategies, coordinate personnel transactions, and assist with monitoring performance evaluations. Assist with the departmental training plan, coordination, and logistics. Job Description URL: http://www.emeryville.org/DocumentCenter/View/225/Management-Analyst?bidId= Ideal Candidate You have: Four (4) years of increasingly responsible experience performing project management, contract administration or directly related work. Bachelor’s degree from an accredited four-year college or university with major course work in Public Administration, Public Policy or a closely related field. Experience working for a government agency using budget and financial systems; performing financial and data analysis, policy development and implementation; equipment purchasing, and report writing is a plus! You are a/an: Innovative doer who welcomes challenge, is resourceful and works well both independently and with others. Individual who finds it extremely rewarding to work with numbers and perform research and analysis. Accurate and detail oriented individual who enjoys reviewing complex documents, looks for consistencies and errors, and is able to interpret complex legal language. Professional adept at quickly learning new tasks and who thrives in a team-oriented, results-driven, fast-paced environment. Strong communicator (oral and written) with superior interpersonal skills. Multi-tasker able to juggle multiple priorities with proven project and time management skills. Ready to Apply? To be considered for this exciting career opportunity, submit your application, resume and supplemental questions online at www.calopps.org Eligible candidates who successfully pass all steps in the recruitment process will be placed on a hiring eligibility list. The information contained within this announcement may be modified or revoked without notice and does not constitute either an expressed or implied contract. Benefits Retirement: New CalPERS Members 2% @ 62 Retirement Plan (based on highest three consecutive years) or Classic Members 2% @ 60 (based on highest three consecutive years). Under both plans, the employee picks up the full employee contribution (7% for Classic Members or 6.5% for New Members). (As defined by CalPERS). The agency does not participate in Social Security. Vacation: Employee accrues ten (10) working days per year. Maximum accrual of 2x annual accrual rate. Administrative Leave: 7 days paid Administrative Leave per year at the City Manager’s discretion Holidays: Fourteen (14) paid holidays per year (inclusive of three [3] floating holidays). Sick Leave: Fifteen (15) days per year, with unlimited accumulation. Health & Welfare: Medical, dental, and vision care coverage paid by the agency (to a capped amount) for the employee and eligible dependents. Misc. Benefits : City provides life/AD&D;, long-term disability (LTD) and employee assistance program benefits. A complete benefits summary can be found at: Summary of Benefits Visit www.calpers.ca.gov for complete information about Classic and New employee retirement information. Special Instructions To be considered for this exciting career opportunity, you must submit a completed City/MESA application and Supplemental Questionnaire online at www.calopps.org by the deadline. The City and the MESA are Equal Opportunity Employers. All aspects of employment shall be without regard to sex, disability, race, political affiliation, religious creed, color, natural origin, or age. Reasonable accommodations will be made for disabled applicants to participate in the application and examination processes. Applicants needing special accommodations must contact Human Resources sufficiently in advance of the testing process to arrange for such accommodations. Please contact (510) 596-4300.