Overview The Database Administrator is responsible for the overall engineering, design, build and support of all existing and new database systems. As a member of the team, the successful candidate will need to work closely with our internal clients to develop consensus and find solutions to problems facing their business constituents. This position will play a significant role in both operational support and engineering the next generation infrastructure architecture for the database environment. The DBA will work with all of the Engineering teams to assist in the implementation, management, development and monitoring of the databases that support the company's initiatives. The candidate will also provide support and training to associates in troubleshooting issues. Local candidates preferred. Responsibilities Creates and maintains all databases required for development, testing, education and production usage. Performs the capacity planning required to create and maintain the databases. Performs ongoing tuning of the database instances. Install new versions of the Oracle RDBMS and its tools and any other tools that access the Oracle database. Plans and implements backup and recovery of the Oracle database. Responsible for providing metrics, trend analysis, and recommendations to management team to enable them to make informed decisions regarding resource management.. Implements and enforces security for all of the Oracle Databases. Performs database re-organizations as required to assist performance and ensure maximum uptime of the database. Troubleshoots problems regarding the databases, applications and development tools. Analyzes and reports the performance of database operations against the key database performance metrics Qualifications Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering or equivalent 5+ years of professional experience 5+ years Oracle experience. Certification preferred. Advanced knowledge of database structure and theory Experience with MySQL and MSSQL Basic understanding of database backup procedures Familiarity with reporting tools Ability to work independently with minimal supervision and assistance Demonstrated abilities to prioritize and manage multiple assignments in a fast-paced environment to meet deadlines with efficiency and accuracy Strong problem solving, organization and project management skills, with a willingness and desire to take responsibility, accountability and ownership Ability to work outside of normal working hours to complete tasks, including occasional weekends/evenings