Organizational Change Management Consultant Are you passionate about helping clients solve complex challenges and supporting them through critical transformations? As a member of our Organization Transformation practice, you will deliver change management, organization design and governance, culture and technology adoption solutions that enable the success of transformation goals for industry leading clients. Would you like to work for an organization committed to your professional development and personal success? Deloitte offers an award-winning culture that supports our employees’ development of their personal brand through learning opportunities, professional experiences, inclusion, collaboration and personal well-being. Work you’ll do As an Organizational Change Management Consultant, you will use data-driven solutions to address the human factors affecting an organization’s ability to reach its strategic objectives. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Apply Deloitte tools and frameworks to support improved client future-state organizational design and alignment Develop and execute communication plans Draft job descriptions and profiles that are legally defensible and that may include job responsibilities and tasks, accountabilities, and competency definitions and matrices Apply behavioral tools to assess the impact of change on organizations, using assessments of organizational culture, performance, and readiness for change Define activities to support change and transition initiatives Develop and deploy user adoption/training programs to support technology implementations Contribute to practice development initiatives including culture building, internal community involvement, eminence, recruiting, whitepapers, etc. The team Organization Transformation The Organization Transformation practice is about transforming the organization (and the benefits providers that serve them) to support its business strategy. This involves helping our clients move from where they are today to where they need to be in the future. It could include changing the organization’s culture, modernizing specific functions, re-designing the organization structure, and will require a combination of change management actions to execute the transformation. To enable our success, it will be critical to use data and insights to inform better ways of working together. Qualifications Required: Minimum two (2) years of relevant experience in a consulting or industry role, with experience in change management and organizational development Bachelors’ degree Ability to travel 80-100% of the time (Monday – Thursday/Friday) Preferred: Demonstrated interest in a profession in Human Capital work through professional organizations, coursework, certifications, conference attendance, etc. Strong oral and written communication skills, including presentation skills (MS Visio, MS PowerPoint, MS Word, MS Excel) Ability to work independently and manage multiple assignments Strong problem-solving skills with the ability to exercise mature judgement Demonstrated ability to manage ambiguity and apply problem-solving skills Demonstrated ability to employ research and analytical thinking Demonstrated capabilities in team work and leadership How you’ll grow At Deloitte, our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day. From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there’s always room to learn. We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs at Deloitte University, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career. Explore Deloitte University, The Leadership Center. Benefits At Deloitte, we know that great people make a great organization. We value our people and offer employees a broad range of benefits. Learn more about what working at Deloitte can mean for you. Deloitte’s culture Our positive and supportive culture encourages our people to do their best work every day. We celebrate individuals by recognizing their uniqueness and offering them the flexibility to make daily choices that can help them to be healthy, centered, confident, and aware. We offer well-being programs and are continuously looking for new ways to maintain a culture where our people excel and lead healthy, happy lives. Learn more about Life at Deloitte. Corporate citizenship Deloitte is led by a purpose: to make an impact that matters. This purpose defines who we are and extends to relationships with our clients, our people and our communities. We believe that business has the power to inspire and transform. We focus on education, giving, skill-based volunteerism, and leadership to help drive positive social impact in our communities. Learn more about Deloitte’s impact on the world. Recruiter tips We want job seekers exploring opportunities at Deloitte to feel prepared and confident. To help you with your interview, we suggest that you do your research: know some background about the organization and the business area you’re applying to. Check out recruiting tips from Deloitte professionals. As used in this posting, “Deloitte” means Deloitte Consulting LLP, a subsidiary of Deloitte LLP. Please see www.deloitte.com/us/about for a detailed description of the legal structure of Deloitte LLP and its subsidiaries. Certain services may not be available to attest clients under the rules and regulations of public accounting. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or protected veteran status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law.