Position Type: Technology Date Posted: 8/2/2018 Location: Oak Park Elementary School District 97 Position : Technology Specialist (12 Month Position) Overall Purpose: Provide support to staff in the operational use of technology and assure the continual function of district computers. Salary Range : See ESP contract http://campussuite- storage.s3.amazonaws.com/prod/735181/c9be791c-b8dc-11e6-bf0d-22000bd8490f/1141787/acdb0d65-477e-11e7-992b-124f7febbf4a/file/OPESPCBA-16-17.pdf Certificates, Licenses, Registrations: CompTIA A+, Network Plus, or Mac OS X Support Professionals Education and/or Experience: High School Diploma or GED, _minimal._ Some college or computer related education, _preferred._ Essential Duties and Responsibilities: 1. Computer Technology: Maintain software and hardware. Troubleshoot, diagnose, repair, upgrade and replace consumables. Assist District personnel with maintenance and installation of Windows and Mac equipment. Assist in District-wide mass installations and upgrades Respond to help desk tickets either in person, or using remote access utilities. Distribute machines building-wide according to district allocation. 2. Instructional Assistance: Assist employees with network login/logout, voicemail, District e-mail, standard software/hardware, equipment configurations, phone device usage and printer access. 3. Local Area Network Patch computers into switches/reset switches Configure software for network settings Plan for new network computers Survey hub closets for over patching Assist District staff with WAN requirements 4\. Administrative Tasks Assess need and assist in ordering supplies and equipment. Maintain and track purchased software. Maintain hardware service history. Maintain master disks and working copies for software. Travel from building to building in the School District, using one's own transportation. Comply with Oak Park's parking restrictions and other parking laws. Assist in the planning for future needs. Other duties may be assigned by the Director of Technology, IT Infrastructure Manager and Systems Integration Manager. Other Required Skills and Abilities: The employee is expected to demonstrate the following on the job: Must possess a current Illinois driver's license and have access to personal automobile or comparable transportation to travel between District buildings. Must be able to demonstrate a working knowledge of current Windows and Mac Operating Systems. Basic understanding of computer networks, including network protocols. Ability to troubleshoot and support wired and wireless networks to provide functionality. Ability to communicate respectfully and effectively, and interact with individuals from varied educational and social backgrounds. Ability to maintain appropriate confidentiality. Exhibit accomplished office equipment operator skills, e.g., computers, printers, mobile devices. Ability to work effectively in a constantly changing environment. Ability to maintain a cooperative nature under stressful business situations. Ability to perform computer hardware set-up and installation. Ability to represent the district/school with a professional and positive demeanor and appearance. Ability to understand and communicate verbally and in writing in the English language. Ability to work with moderate supervision. Ability to prioritize responsibilities and performances. Ability to follow through with directions and long term projects. Ability to be self-directed. Abilities to support tech managers with configuration of switches, routers and servers Abilities to support tech manager with configuration of devices Abilities to repair all OS and device hardware Abilities to support and develop imaging profiles and processes Abilities to oversee various lower level projects Abilities to troubleshoot any and all of the various technologies in the district, including hardware and software Abilities to assist in the deployment of new systems and programs in all district departments Physical Demands/Work Environment: While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit; use hands to finger, handle, or feel; speak in the English language, in a way understandable by other English speakers hear sufficiently to communicate to others. The employee frequently is required to reach with hands and arms. climb and balance behind equipment and crawl into ceilings climb ladders with or without tools and equipment to perform repair and maintenance crawl on the floor The employee is occasionally required to stand, walk, lift and/or move up to 40 pounds, and climb into tight spaces to access the network equipment. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is occasionally exposed to moving mechanical parts. The noise level in the work environment may be higher than average. Occasionally, the employee is exposed to loud noise in the server rooms. The employee is required to use his or her own vehicle on a regular basis to travel from building to building to provide the services outlined in this job description. The work environment characteristics are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.