Department Description: This position will be located at 1135 Tremont St. Job Location: Boston, MA Req ID: 25993BR Job Summary: Work with Senior IT Security staff and multiple IT organizations to identify threats and help keep the environment safe. This includes real-time analysis of logs, events and alerts, incident reporting and escalation. Essential Responsibilities: Monitor and analyze across multiple security platforms (SEIM, Firewall, IDS/IPS, Full Packet Captures, etc). Assess the security impact of alerts and anomalies. Develop reports to describe high impact security issues. Maintain a strong awareness and understanding of the current threat landscape. Required Qualifications: High School diploma or GED required. Bachelor's degree preferred. 0-1 years related work experience required in Information Security. Working knowledge and experience with open-source security tools Working knowledge of common threats, vulnerabilities and exploits Candidate expected to work towards SANS GCIA or similar within 6 months of entry Advanced technical computer skills as required for technical support specific to functional area and related systems. Preferred Qualifications: Expertise in data/trend analysis and report creation Experience in programming/OS scripting Working knowledge of malware analysis Competencies: Decision Making: Ability to make decisions that are guided by general instructions and practices requiring some interpretation. May make recommendations for solving problems of moderate complexity and importance. Problem Solving: Ability to address problems that are varied, requiring analysis or interpretation of the situation using direct observation, knowledge and skills based on general precedents. Independence of Action: Ability to follow precedents and procedures. May set priorities and organize work within general guidelines. Seeks assistance when confronted with difficult and/or unpredictable situations. Work progress is monitored by supervisor/manager. Written Communications: Ability to communicate clearly and effectively in written English with internal and external customers. Oral Communications: Ability to comprehend and converse in English to communicate effectively with medical center staff, patients, families and external customers. Knowledge: Ability to demonstrate basic knowledge of fundamental concepts, practices and procedures with the ability to use them in routine situations. Specialized knowledge not required. Team Work: Ability to interact respectfully with other employees, professional staff and/or external contacts to offer ideas, identify issues, obtain information or deliver services. Customer Service: Ability to provide a high level of customer service and staff training to meet customer service standards and expectations for the assigned unit(s). Resolves service issues in the assigned unit(s) in a timely and respectful manner. Physical Nature of the Job: Sedentary work: Exerting up to 10 pounds of force occasionally in carrying, lifting, pushing, pulling objects. Sitting most of the time, with walking and standing required only occasionally