Futurewei Technologies, a subsidiary of Huawei, is looking for highly motivated and qualified students or recent graduates for internships within the Cloud R&D; center located in Bellevue, WA, just a few minutes from Seattle. This position offers the Intern the opportunity to work on our Enterprise Intelligence (EI) team as we innovate and build our next generation cloud computing platform. The EI team are leading researchers and engineers from worldwide to create competitive AI services on Huawei’s Cloud for enterprise applications, such as those in e-commerce, integrated supply chain, video surveillance, mobile computing, etc. This position enables one to work with our team members with backgrounds in analytics, graph computing, distributed systems, high performance algorithms, GPU/FPGA, etc., as well as collaborating with external partners in academia and industry. We encourage interns to actively create software/systems for solving real-world problems, delivering innovative AI solutions, contributing to open-source communities, and publishing high- quality patents. Job Responsibilities: This position will work closely with members from partner teams in Seattle and in Huawei’s HQ in China. Design and architect AI cloud platform services and application services with user-friendly workflow and interface (HCI). Develop key techniques for Cloud AI in domains such as NLP, computer vision, etc. Optimize service performance and usability for NLP, deep learning, large scale graph computing, and machine learning, such as generic/domain-specific visualization and key algorithm acceleration Work with other teams and to provide technical assistance Profile and optimize the performance of existing AI platforms and applications Qualifications: Ph.D candidate; majors in Computer Science, EE or other related engineering disciplines. Experience working with C/C++/Java/JavaScript/Python Experience in graph computing, or machine learning, or deep learning, or reinforcement learning Experience working with knowledge graph, or computer vision, or natural language processing, or computer visualization Knowledge of open source big data ecosystem is a plus. Experience working on HPC or GPU software development is a plus Experience working on a multi-disciplinary team tasked with solving difficult problems is a plus. Self-motivated, inquisitive, and team oriented individual. Must be able to clearly articulate ideas and concepts to fellow engineers and management.