Role/Responsibilities: In this role you will be a member of the Moody’s Analytics’ Data Intelligence team, creating and supporting some of the industry’s leading software products for enterprise risk management solutions. You will work directly with the various stakeholders to support key applications and ETL processes. You will be participating in strategy and brainstorming meetings and leading data- driven discussions. You will have opportunity to learn the intricate details of financial risk management and contribute to new generation product development called Data Alliance portal. You will work with many modern and hi-end technologies/programming languages like AWS, Python, ML/NLP, and Spark. Job Req ID 13451BR City San Francisco Regular/Temporary Regular Entity Moody's Analytics (MA) Line of Business Enterprise Risk Solutions (ERS) Qualifications As a qualified candidate you have the most of following: Highly motivated engineer with Master/Bachelor degree in STEM; 5+ years of hands-on experience in enterprise level software development; 3+ years of hands-on experience in Python programming including BOTO3, Flask, Django, Pandas, PySpark, MLLib, Graphene. We are the Python’s team; 3+ years of utilizing and programming in SQL in scope of different RDBMS (SQL Server, Oracle, PostgreSql, Redshift and etc.); Good understanding and experience of using AWS using CLI, WEB UI and API, especially the following services: Glue, EMR, ECS, Lambda, Elasticsearch, Athena; Understanding how to optimize data/files structure on S3 to reduce the cost of operations/querying using Glue/Athena/Redshift Spectrum; Highly experienced in distributed computing using MapReduce/Spark including Spark SQL, preferable previous experience with Spark on EMR service; Proficiency in programming/WEB API creation in one or more of following languages: Python, C, Java, JavaScript, Scala; Deep and fundamental knowledge of REST protocol, hands-on experience with GraphQL is a big plus; Some experience in NLP and AI/ML is a plus especially using AWS ; “Talking” freely to GitHub, BitBucket using both command prompt/shell or your favorite GUI app, experience with Jenkins, Jira, Rally and Wiki is plus; Ability to see entire project/product, not only part you are currently working on; Thinking in microservices and you are always caring about code optimization; Understanding very well all aspects of modern ETL approaches, experience in workflow creation using Airflow/Glue ETL/EMR; Problem solver, you are thinking out of the box LI-TL1 Department/Team Moody’s Analytics (MA) is the leading risk management consulting company and combines deep industry expertise with unique enterprise risk management software and analytics. The company provides software, services and financial information to banks, insurance companies, non-financial corporations, and institutional investors in over 80 countries. Within MA, the Enterprise Risk Solutions (ERS) Division offers to Institutions a wide range of software, analytics and consultative solutions to help risk management staff understand, measure, and manage risk within an enterprise risk context. The ERS Division is composed of experienced consultants working with and drawing on the insight and expertise of our world-class analytics technology, data, software as well as market experience. The ERS Data Intelligence Group creates value-added information, IP and content that are used by our clients to meet their business needs and to produce actionable data-driven intelligence. Our team consists of experts at interpreting financial information, developing data- driven analytics, and applying data to our customer’s business needs. Job Category Engineering & Technology Job Sub Category Software Engineering Experience Level Experienced Hire Working at Moody's Moody's is an essential component of the global capital markets, providing credit ratings, research, tools and analysis that contribute to transparent and integrated financial markets. Moody's Corporation (NYSE: MCO) is the parent company of Moody's Investors Service, which provides credit ratings and research covering debt instruments and securities, and Moody's Analytics, which offers leading-edge software, advisory services and research for credit and economic analysis and financial risk management. The Corporation, which reported revenue of $4.2 billion in 2017, employs approximately 11,900 people worldwide and maintains a presence in 41 countries. Further information is available at www.moodys.com. EEO Policy Moody’s is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, gender, age, religion, national origin, citizen status, marital status, physical or mental disability, military or veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. Moody’s also provides reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities in accordance with applicable laws. If you need to inquire about a reasonable accommodation, or need assistance with completing the application process, please email accommodations@moodys.com.. This contact information is for accommodation requests only, and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications. For San Francisco positions, qualified applicants with criminal histories will be considered for employment consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. For New York City positions, qualified applicants with criminal histories will be considered for employment consistent with the requirements of the New York City Fair Chance Act. For all other applicants, qualified applicants with criminal histories will be considered for employment consistent with the requirements of applicable law. Click here to view our full EEO policy statement. Click here for more information on your EEO rights under the law. Securities Trading Policy (STP) Candidates for Moody's Corporation may be asked to disclose securities holdings pursuant to Moody’s Policy for Securities Trading and the requirements of the position. Employment is contingent upon compliance with the Policy, including remediation of positions in those holdings as necessary.