Data Analyst at Belvedere Trading Belvedere is looking for someone that is passionate about data and can help take our analytical capabilities to the next level. You will be instrumental in working with end users to develop and institutionalize dashboards and analyses that Belvedere uses to continuously make better technical and trading decisions. You will also be challenged to pick up industry knowledge and technical skills. You will need to be ready to help solve some of the hardest problems in a team environment, incrementally adapt to change in technologies and business requirements, voice your opinions in a constructive manner and hear other opinions out in-kind, and balance ideal state analyses with on-going delivery. What you'll do Plan and implement projects for both Trading and Tech facing dashboards and analyses Work with stakeholders to iterate through analyses and derive new insights and recommendations Translate business requirements into technical analysis requirements Provide structured and high-quality content, summarizing trends and flagging underlying drivers Collaborate with Data Engineering team to formulate data models that accelerate information delivery Act as central resource on tech and trading for data requests, understanding what data is available and how to retrieve it and/or figuring what needs to be done to get the desired data Collaborate with other data team members and technology teams to identify address data gaps or inconsistencies Work closely with data and quantitative analysts to understand and efficiently meet their data needs Ensure quality and integrity via querying and automation Ad hoc querying and data analysis What you'll need Proficiency with SQL and Excel (other analytical platforms/languages a plus) Experience with data visualization tool(s) Extreme attention to detail Unrelenting desire to get to the bottom of the problem and get it right Excellent verbal and written communication, analytical, and problem-solving skills Ability to work with a high degree of responsibility within a team environment 2+ years of experience preferred Experience in Financial Services or Proprietary Trading is a plus Proficiency with development language(s) (ex. Python) is a plus Background in statistics or like field is a plus Regular on-site attendance is an essential function of this position Who we are Belvedere Trading is its core values: We strive for excellence as a team and individually (Team Belvedere) and expect merit based responsibilities and compensation (Me in Team) We value innovation delivered incrementally (Iterative Innovation) and expect all to act like owners (Own it) We communicate passionately and with compassion to reach the best solutions (Passionate Discourse) These values help guide us as a firm and as individuals. We are excited to bring those who have similar beliefs to join our family. What we offer Rated as one of the Top 25 Best Places to Work for Recent Grads by Simplicity, Belvedere Trading places a great emphasis on an employee's overall well-being. We offer a casual work environment that promotes innovation and creativity. Our employees' health is important, so we provide full benefits and a robust wellness program including: in-office yoga, health seminars, and discounted gym memberships. Belvedere also recognizes the positive effects of a strong work-life balance by having an unlimited, paid time off policy. Most importantly, Team Belvedere likes to have fun, both inside and outside the office walls! Sponsorship is not available for this position