Are you a passionate developer with a desire to improve quality? Do you want to make an impact every day? Are you ready to join a company that you can grow with? Grow with us at Connexions! Put your experience to work in a fast-paced environment where input and innovation is valued. We are currently seeking a Full Stack .NET developers to join our team in Plano, TX. that has a passion developing and delivering mobile first, cloud first solutions. In this role, you will work with a team that is customer obsessed, collaborative, fun-loving and committed to engineering excellence. A Day in the Life of a .NET Developer Do you want to work with the latest cloud and user interface frameworks? Do you want to build mobile-first solutions that will be used by millions of people every day? Do you thrive when solving hard problems? Do you revel in breaking through barriers? As a key member of the development team, you’ll do all of that and more! Key responsibilities: Create incredible mobile-first user-interfaces that run on cloud-first solutions Design, develop and test new features and bug fixes that span the UI and Web Services spectrums Design and create simple, efficient maintainable code with comprehensive unit tests Participate in the team’s sprint and product direction planning activities Assist with production related issues as needed Job Requirements We are actively seeking candidates with the following skills and experience: 2-3 years of experience with .NET, C and/or Java 2-3 years in web technologies including JavaScript/TypeScript, HTML5, CSS3 1-2 years in modern UI frameworks like Angular, React, Knockout or Vue.js 1-2 years designing clean and scalable RESTful APIs 2-3 years with transactional databases and SQL Knowledge of object oriented programming language paradigms Experience with all phases of agile development Experience with JIRA, Confluence, Git and TFS Strong interest in staying current with industry trends and techniques Exceptional communication skills (verbal and written) Passion for writing readable, low defect, unit tested code AS/BS in Computer Science, Engineering or related technical field Bonus Qualifications: Experience with cloud technologies using AWS or Azure Demonstrated knowledge of microservices Experience with SEO, scalability and accessibility Experience with NoSQL databases such as MongoDB