Title: Data and Evaluation Manager Reports to: Chief of Staff Location: New York, NY with extensive travel among program sites in the Bronx, NY Type: Full Time, Salaried About Phipps Neighborhoods Phipps Neighborhoods helps children, youth, and families in low-income communities rise above poverty. We work in South Bronx neighborhoods where we can address the greatest barriers to lasting success through education and career programs, and access to community resources. We’re dedicated to our neighborhoods for the long term, supporting individuals and families as they establish self-sufficiency. Our services create opportunities for people to thrive in every aspect of their lives. Program Description : Phipps Neighborhoods has developed a Community Impact model to maximize our ability to provide communities with the resources needed to increase opportunities, strengthen neighborhoods, and transcend poverty. This model is marked by four key characteristics: targeted program areas, an integrated approach, a continuous improvement strategy, and a geographic focus. We provide services in three key areas. Our education programs include early childhood education, after-school programs, and summer camps for school age children. To help older youth begin careers, we offer high school equivalency preparation, English for speakers of other languages, college prep and work readiness services. And, to help our community members address the barriers that limit their success, we offer community resources including resident support, financial counseling, free tax prep, assistance accessing benefits and more. An essential component of proactively managing program performance and tracking outcomes across the organization is the use of the internal database, Salesforce. Phipps Neighborhoods has worked to develop this customized organization-wide database to track demographics of all participants served, their access to multiple services, and to monitor program outcomes such as academic achievement and employment and post-secondary placement. This database along with each program’s monthly reporting requirements allows us to monitor data in real time and proactively improve the quality of our services where necessary. Further program monitoring is conducted on at least a bi-monthly basis through a series of meetings called, Achieving Success, where each program is measured on a set rubric that looks at performance across 4 areas: Program: Outcomes and Program quality Community Impact: Connecting participants to internal and external partners; identifying additional resources for participants Evaluation: Up-to-date data entry; Funder reviews Fiscal: Proactive budget monitoring. Position Overview: We are seeking a talented professional to manage all of our data tracking and program evaluation efforts. They will lead the creation and execution of a coordinated and comprehensive strategy for measuring the impact of Phipps Neighborhoods programs as well as utilizing programmatic outcomes to inform policy. This critical role will work across the organization to implement appropriate tools and strategies for data tracking, reporting and evaluating data as it aligns with the organization’s Theory of Change. The Data and Evaluation Manager will work with senior program staff across the agency to set S.M.A.R.T growth benchmarks to improve program performance where necessary. In this capacity, the Data and Evaluation Manager will be responsible for facilitating the training of all relevant staff in the collection of data and its use in assessing the impact and effectiveness of programming. S/he will also be responsible for working with external consultants on keeping the internal database, Salesforce, up-to-date and lead any necessary database customization efforts. Working collaboratively with staff across the organization, this role provides an exciting opportunity for someone with an interest in demonstrating program effectiveness and increasing impact of social change efforts. A background in research and evaluation and strong analytic skills will contribute to success in this role, as well as the continued growth and success of Phipps Neighborhoods. Responsibilities: Design evaluation plan for all program areas, participate in program development and provide guidance on proposed performance indicators and outcomes measurements Manage and oversee the agency-wide database and integrate with external database requirements as necessary/possible to minimize redundancy and maximize utilization Conduct and/or coordinate research, data analysis and evaluation initiatives to gauge program effectiveness, support data-driven management, and assist in the design of new initiatives Develop data collection and program evaluation protocols, policies, trainings and tools Work with external consultants to keep internal database current and reflective of internal priorities for outcomes tracking. Work with program leadership to analyze program performance during Achieving Success meeting and set growth targets for improvement along the Success Index. Utilize evaluation and performance outcomes to inform Phipps Neighborhoods position on relevant public policy Review and analyze publicly available data systems for information on Bronx communities served by Phipps Neighborhoods Perform Salesforce system administrator function including user management, maintaining system data, visual layout, and work flow rules. Maintain Salesforce data integrity Participates in the analysis, testing and deployment of Salesforce customizations Supervise Evaluation Assistant Required Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree required in policy, education, human services or related field Minimum of 5 years related experience with program monitoring and evaluation (Or Master’s Degree with 3+ years relevant experience) Experience with Salesforce (or comparable data systems) Strong analytical skills Excellent written communications skills Comfortable working with large data sets Results-oriented Self-starter Strong organizational skills to manage multiple priorities and meet tight deadlines Excellent interpersonal skills with ability to work collaboratively with diverse internal and external individuals Willingness to participate as part of a team Enthusiasm, creativity, initiative and sense of humor required