Assists the Manager in the Parking Services Department at Little Caesar's Arena or Foxtown. Foxtown locations include Fox Theatre, Comerica Park, Hockeytown Cafe, State Theatre, Opera House, and Ford Field, or approximately 5000 spaces. Key Responsibilities: Supervise parking services colleagues (parking and maintenance crews) at various locations. Perform supervisory responsibilities in accordance with the directors and department's policies, procedures and applicable laws. Responsible for hiring, training, scheduling, and disciplining of all parking services colleagues. Also, assists and provides input on colleague perform reviews. Responsible for the collection of revenue from the parking facilities. Audit cashiers/ticketers, complete deposit process and input financial records. Assist in the development and implementation of department policies and procedures. Maintain department and colleague records and reports. Produce payroll, revenue and other requested reports for the manager, director, other departments, and senior management. Responsible for preparing incident and damage reports. Work closely with Ilitch Holding, Inc Corporate Security to ensure the comfort and safety of our guests and colleagues. Work with the DPD on event traffic control. Responsible for the upkeep and cleanliness of the parking facilities and capital acquisitions. Assist other departments when needed to ensure our guest's experiences are extraordinary and memorable. Address complaints and resolve parking issues with colleagues and guests. Assist with preparation of Municipal Parking Department statement monthly. Produce daily reports for Municipal Parking Department. Act as a liaison to Municipal Parking Department. Act as department representative in construction, repair and preventative maintenance projects. Minimum Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: Associate's degree in Business or Operations and 2 years experience involving parking services or event management, of which one year must have been in a supervisory/management capacity; OR any equivalent combination of education and/or experience from which comparable knowledge and skills have been achieved. Must have excellent oral and written communication skills. Demonstrate readiness to undertake position responsibilities on one's own and the ability to work independently. Possess effective human relations and conflict resolution skills. Functional knowledge in the use of computers (word processing, spreadsheets, Access, etc.). Customer service oriented. Ability to read, analyze, and interpret common scientific and technical journals, financial reports, and legal documents. Ability to respond to common inquiries or complaints from customers, regulatory agencies, or members of the business community. Ability to effectively present information to top management, public groups, and/or colleagues. Ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions. Ability to interpret an extensive variety of technical instructions in mathematical or diagram form and deal with several abstract and concrete variables. Must have the ability to handle upset guests and difficult situations (customer service). Also, the ability to supervise and motivate a fairly large group of colleagues. Must have leadership and supervisory experience. Working Conditions: While performing the duties of this job, the colleague is regularly exposed to outside weather conditions, extreme cold, and extreme heat. The colleague is frequently exposed to wet and/or humid conditions; moving mechanical parts; high, precarious places; and fumes or airborne particles. The colleague is occasionally exposed to toxic or caustic chemicals, risk of electrical shock, and vibration. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate when in the office, loud when outside with vehicles. While performing the duties of this job, the colleague is regularly required to stand; walk; use hands to finger, handle, or feel; reach with hands and arms; and talk or hear. The colleague frequently is required to sit. The colleague is occasionally required to climb or balance and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. The colleague must regularly lift and/or move up to 10 pounds, frequently lift and/or move up to 25 pounds, and occasionally lift and/or move up to 50 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and ability to adjust focus. May need to move barricades, cones, signs and other items related to parking and traffic control.