Requisition Id : 111704 Additional Work Location(s) : München, Germany Position: Data Scientist Experience: Relevant 3-8 Years Work Location: Munich, Germany (one year) - after that Novi, MI or Richardson, TX location Job Duties: He/She will be responsible for translating complex analytical concepts into actionable results for Harman clients. As a Data Scientist on the Predictive Analytics team, he/she will work with a world-class multidisciplinary team to deploy scalable predictive reasoning and Machine Learning algorithms, as well as extract / transform Big Data for the development of Deep Learning algorithms. Provide technical expertise and business consultative skills to address supervised and unsupervised learning problems in an applied automotive analytics environment. He/She will be involved in the development and execution of all analytical data sets and statistical analysis relating to client specific projects. He/She will also be directly responsible for preparing, analyzing and generating effective project results in an efficient and errorless manner using classical statistical techniques as well as advanced Machine Learning and Deep Learning tools, delivered on time and on budget. Manage local data science team giving daily direction and over-see team level project deliverables. Provide data/report support for complex Machine Learning and A.I. projects. Conceptualize Machine Learning problems, apply appropriate theory, explore approaches, simulate, and implement with minimal supervision. Define unstructured data needs, evaluate data quality, and extract/transform data for analytical projects and research as they apply to the automotive industry. Leverage R, Python, Hadoop, TensorFlow, KERAS, and OpenCV to create Machine Learning Algorithms. Produce appropriate and effective project deliverables including: sample diagnostics, customer profiles, complex queries, data mining, model algorithms, charts, model score distributions, etc., with some supervision and zero defect. Demonstrate a strong understanding of project scope, data extraction methodology, design of dependent and profile variables, logic and design of data cleaning, exploratory data analysis and statistical methods. Produce timely and error-free deliverables in an efficient manner, managing multiple tasks and varying project scopes. 50% travel within US to meet various Harman clients Requirements: Master’s Degree (or foreign equivalent) in Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science Economics/Econometrics or a closely related education with 10+ years of experience in IT industry with a focus on Statistics or Analytics. Alternate: Bachelor's degree (or foreign equivalent) (or foreign equivalent) in Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science Economics/Econometrics or a closely related education with 15+ years of experience in IT industry with a focus on Statistics or Analytics. Will also accept degree equivalent to Masters, issued by a certified credential evaluation agency. Experience working with unstructured data in the automotive domain including CANbus, Image processing, sensor fusion, and driver behavior modeling. Must have experience in Machine Learning, Deep Learning, and advanced Predictive Modeling techniques. Statistical Model Development and deployment; Analytics (Predictive Analytics); Big Data; and High Performance Computing Strong Python, R skills, TensorFlow, KERAS, and OpenCV required. Scala is a plus. Must have a strong orientation to ADAS functionality and the underlying modeling techniques required for autonomous driving. Deep knowledge in Artificial Neural Networks and Computer Vision for solving problems associated with Autonomous Driving. HARMAN (harman.com) designs and engineers connected products and solutions for automakers, consumers, and enterprises worldwide, including connected car systems, audio and visual products, enterprise automation solutions; and services supporting the Internet of Things. With leading brands including AKG®, Harman Kardon®, Infinity®, JBL®, Lexicon®, Mark Levinson® and Revel®, HARMAN is admired by audiophiles, musicians and the entertainment venues where they perform around the world. More than 25 million automobiles on the road today are equipped with HARMAN audio and connected car systems. Our software services power billions of mobile devices and systems that are connected, integrated and secure across all platforms, from work and home to car and mobile. HARMAN has a workforce of approximately 30,000 people across the Americas, Europe, and Asia. In March 2017, HARMAN became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Samsung Electronics. HARMAN is an Equal Opportunity /Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or Protected Veterans status. HARMAN offers a great work environment, challenging career opportunities, professional training and competitive compensation. Looking for a challenge where your experience is valued? Come see what you can achieve as a leader with HARMAN! (www.harman.com)