Merchants is looking for a skilled and motivated Data Architect with Database Administrator experience to play an integral role in the growth our TotalView product features and expanding our Enterprise Data Warehouse Analytics capabilities. Specific assignments of the Data Architect will include Data Modeling, Data Dictionary, Data Standards, Data Design Code Reviews, Data Schema Deployments and Data Environmental Refreshes. This position is designed for a highly motivated and experienced individual who has built, supported, and continuously improved enterprise data capabilities in a fast-paced environment. The ideal candidate will have significant experience as a lead or senior data architect and database administrator capacity. Key Responsibilities: Data Mapping: Map information between source and target systems. Data Validation: Validate data between sources, for instance validate that our new EDW information balances with the system of record, balances with existing reports, and balances with existing applications. Data Analysis: Taking data from possibly multiple disparate sources, connect, analyze, and provide insight on the data. This may be as part of EDW design or to support a specific business request or analyzing a portion of our portfolio to spot key trends and advise. Lead and/or be a part of the team designing, building, and maintaining the future state of Merchants Data Models. Assist with defining, implementing, and continuously improving our Data Governance processes and procedures by defining and updating Data Governance Standards and Data Compliance Policies. Take a lead / active role in the design and development of our enterprise data warehouse (EDW). Take a lead / active role in the continued growth of our business intelligence capabilities. Assist in database performance tuning and troubleshooting database issues in both OLTP and EDW environments. Install, configure, and maintain critical SQL Server databases. Dimensional and relational based databases. Supporting internal and customer facing applications Assist in the full range of SQL Server maintenance activities (for example): Backups, restores, recovery models, database shrink operations, DBCC commands, and Replication. Table, Index, etc. design, creation, and maintenance. On-going maintenance activities - working to plan and automate as much as possible. Increase availability and performance while at the same time reducing manual support time. Assist as part of the team designing, building, and maintaining the future state of Merchants database platforms: SQL Server versions, editions, and components. Database server configuration. Database and Data Model standards Business Continuity and High Availability strategy. Overall Data Architecture. Upgrade and Patching strategy. Assist in the full range of Data Warehouse activities (for example): Microsoft ETL knowledge: SSIS for SQL Server 2012 and later. Business Intelligence knowledge: particularly with Microsoft tools. On-going maintenance activities: working to plan and automate as much as possible. Assist in maintaining enterprise reports and dashboards Experience/knowledge with Microsoft SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) Report/Dashboard creation in Tableau. Supporting internal and customer facing applications. Active participation in architecting and designing software solutions and business platforms. Define data repository requirements, data dictionaries and warehousing requirements. Evaluate and identify new technologies for implementation Measure, track and meet SLA metrics (analytics cycle time, schedule, accuracy, rework, etc.) Competencies Strong SQL skills Strong Data Modeling skills both Logical/Physical Database Modeling knowledge Strong analytical and problem solving skills Excellent verbal and written communication skills Strong experienced with Microsoft tools and software (Visual Studio 2012/2015, SQL Mgmt. Studio, Microsoft Office, etc.) Experience with Data Warehousing and OLTP database management. Experience with MS BI technology stack (SSIS, SSRS, SSAS, Power BI) or similar. Experience with Data Architecture / Data Modeling, both Dimensional and Relational. Experience having installed and configured SQL Server instances in a similar capacity Thorough understanding of Performance Tuning, both as a System DBA and Application DBA [difference being Application DBA is more about query/application performance tuning and System DBA is about tuning the database itself, how it is configured, etc.]. Experience with Data Governance (MDM (Master Data Management) and Data Cleansing/Data Quality/Data Profiling techniques). Understand designing, coding and debugging applications in various software languages (C/VB.Net, VB6, ASP.Net, HTML, JavaScript, Java) Experience setting up and configuring HA (High Availability) / Replication/AlwaysOn. Preferably having researched and fine-tuned a setup so that the person understands what/why and can understand our needs and design/implement/configure a setup that meets our needs. Solid SQL Server DBA experience, in general. The typical DBA skills / experience including DB maintenance, table/index/etc. maintenance, backups, monitoring, security, data dictionary, integrity checks, configuration, patching, and statistics, etc. Experience with SQL Server 2008/2012/2014/2016, preferably with multiple editions (Standard, Enterprise, etc.). Solid SQL Server ETL experience, in general. The typical Data Warehouse skills / experience including ETL design maintenance, debugging etc. Experience with SQL Server 2008/2012, preferably with multiple editions (Standard, Enterprise, etc.). Experience with Tableau Dashboard creation and maintenance is a benefit. Experience/knowledge with Microsoft SQL Replication and CDC technology is preferred. Work Experience 3-5 Years of experience as a Data Architect setting Data Standards, creating Architecture Data Design and Data Modeling, both Dimensional and Relational. 5-7 Years of experience with SQL Server 2008/2012/2014/2016 a must; experience in designing, supporting and troubleshooting databases (transactional and/or data warehouse) in a data driven, fast paced organization. Prior technical experience as a DBA, Data Architect, or Data modeler in enterprise settings is recommended. 2-4 Years as a Business Intelligence and Enterprise Reporting staff member in a data driven, fast paced organization. Prior technical experience as a DBA, Data Architect, or Business Intelligence Developer in enterprise settings is recommended. (Preferred) 3-5 years prior Data Warehousing experience (Preferred) Experience with Data Governance (MDM (Master Data Management) and Data Cleansing/Data Quality/Data Profiling techniques. Preferred experience with Tableau (preferred), MS Power BI, ClikView, Cognos, MicroStrategy, or similar Business Intelligence solution Education Requirements Bachelors in Computer Science or related