Feedzai is AI. We’re coding the future of commerce with a leading platform powered by artificial intelligence and big data. Founded and developed by data scientists and aerospace engineers, Feedzai has one critical mission: make commerce safe. The world’s largest banks, payment providers and retailers use Feedzai’s machine learning technology to manage risks associated with banking and shopping, whether it’s in person, online or via mobile devices. As a Data Visualization Engineer at Feedzai, you will work alongside our Data Scientists and Data Engineers to distill big data into insightful and useful visualizations that help fight fraud worldwide. You will also serve as a link between the Data Science, Engineering, Product, and UX teams when designing and implementing the best visual data solutions and tools. \----------------- Responsibilities: \----------------- Work with Data Scientists to distill data into actionable and intuitive visualizations that tell stories. Discuss with Data Engineers data pipelines that feed your visualizations. Design and build iterative visual data solutions, from mockups to prototypes. Help engineering teams transform your prototypes to production-ready products. Be an active voice in choosing the right frameworks and libraries for visualization, depending on each project’s goals and constraints. Continuously iterate and test your ideas with end-users. Be up-to-date on data visualization best practices and state-of-the-art and share your knowledge with the team. Find opportunities across Feedzai where data visualization can help and be proactive to seize them. Take ownership of your work and always strive to raise the bar. \------------------------------- Qualifications & Experience \------------------------------- MS in a quantitative discipline (e.g., engineering, computer science, mathematics). Awareness of design concepts related to chart forms, typography, and the use of color, and the ability to design clear, legible charts. Working knowledge of data mining algorithms including classifiers, clustering algorithms, or anomaly detection techniques. Coding skills for data analytics and data extraction (Python, R or other) Experience with frontend JS data visualization libraries and primitives such as D3.js, SVG, Canvas, or WebGL. Experience building modern Javascript applications using React and ES6. Have a keen eye for visual aesthetics. Passion for solving problems with data Nice-to-have: Experience performing analysis on large datasets. Experience with at least one of Qlikview, Power BI, Spotfire, Tableau. Be a great storyteller. Avid follower of the work of visualization experts such as Edward Tufte, Alberto Cairo, Nathan Yau, Amanda Knox, or Jeffrey Heer