The Executive Office of Health and Human Services (HHS) is the largest secretariat in MA state government and is comprised of 12 agencies, in addition to 2 soldiers’ homes and the MassHealth program. HHS services directly touch the lives of slightly more than 1 in 4 residents in the Commonwealth — some of our most vulnerable children, youth, adults, and elders. HHS provides access to medical and behavioral health care, substance misuse treatment, long term services and support, and nutritional and financial benefits to those with low incomes. We connect elders, individuals with disabilities, and veterans with employment opportunities, housing, and supportive services. We steer troubled youth towards a more successful path and do everything possible to keep children in our child welfare system safe. We support individuals who are developmentally disabled, mentally ill, blind, deaf or hard of hearing. As a member of the EHS/EHS Agency Call center team, The IT Customer Analyst will be responsible for the timely and professional execution of all tasks associated with providing excellent customer support relative to IT services, application, products, hardware, software, access, etc. in a Support Desk environment. The 24/7 call center supports HHS staff, constituents and various providers and responds to over 20,000 tickets per month. This team member will complete all specifically assigned tasks and generally assigned tasks within the policies and procedures outlined by EHS and its agencies. This includes all policies and procedures regarding IT security, personal health information (PHI), personal identity information (PII) as well as Commonwealth and industry standard safeguards regarding appropriate business use of technology. Responsibilities: Responsible for Customer/User satisfaction as it relates to IT services and support. Respond within IT service level agreements to resolve open tickets to reduce end user downtime. Accurately prepare, administer, track and update support desk ticket from the initial call to closure. Follow strict escalation procedures for problem/issue resolution Perform analysis on IT problems and properly troubleshoot, identify and manage IT user support problems that range from simple password resets to medium complexity (initial diagnosis of PC hardware issues) in an expedient fashion to ensure minimal downtime. Provide a level of technical knowledge and experience related to DMH and DPH Meditech that distinguishes them from their co-workers. Train, mentor and support co-workers in their area of expertise (Ca Unicenter, Meditech (DMH, DPH, DDS). Effectively translate an inexperienced user statement into a technically accurate problem statement that is both complete and concise. Assist users with rudimentary IT user support including but not limited to MS Office Products, Email, Active Directory, internet and intranet use, printer support, directory structure navigation. Responsible for timely response and support when scheduled and authorized to cover after hours support to ensure continuity. Work and collaborate in a team environment with internal and external groups to improve overall customer service and support. Qualifications Preferred Knowledge, Skills & Abilities: 3-5 years of relevant experience supporting Microsoft Operating Systems preferably in a service desk environment with a helpdesk ticketing system and call queue. Strong interpersonal communication and written skills. The ability to communicate effectively with a wide range of employees, leaders at various levels, and with technical and non-technical customers. 3-5 years of experience working in a collaborative, customer service focused environment that used a multi-channel (email, chat, phone, WebEx) setting for communication. Ability to take notes and record all interactions and steps taken with the users. Experience with at least one ticketing system. ServiceNow preferred. In-depth knowledge of administration, troubleshooting and operation of Microsoft desktop operating systems: Windows 7/10 Professional. In-depth knowledge of hardware and troubleshooting of personal computers, printers and other commonly used peripheral devices. Experience with Active Directory account creation, password resets, distribution groups and other AD functions. Strong knowledge of Microsoft Exchange (including O365, EMS, and Azure) Experience using remote desktop tools to support users Experience to support Voice over Internet Protocol users and environment Knowledge of and experience with the local area networks (physical and logical) Ability to understand the laws, rules, regulations, policies and procedures, standards and guidelines governing all EHS activities Education and Certifications: Associates Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Business Administration or other related field. Bachelor’s degree preferred, but not mandatory with applicable work experience. ITIL v3 Certification/MCP (Microsoft Certified Professional)/CompTIA A+ Education and license/certification information provided by the selected candidate(s) is subject to the Massachusetts Public Records Law and may be published on the Commonwealth’s website. For questions, please contact the CYF Office of Human Resources at 1-800-510-4122 and select option 2. First consideration will be given to those applicants that apply within the first 14 days. Minimum Entrance Requirements: Applicants must have at least (A) four years of full-time, or equivalent part- time, professional experience in electronic data processing of which (B) at least two years must have been in work in which the major duties included computer systems analysis, or (C) any equivalent combination of the required experience and the substitutions below. SUBSTITUTIONS: I. An Associate's degree with a major in the field of data processing or computer programming may be substituted for a maximum of one year of the required (A) experience. II. A Bachelor's degree with a major in the field of data processing or computer and/or information science may be substituted for a maximum of two years of the required (A) experience. III. A Graduate degree with a major in the field of data processing or computer and/or information science may be substituted for a maximum of two years of the required (A) experience. IV. A diploma for completion of a two year full-time, or equivalent part-time, program in a recognized non-degree granting business or vocational/technical school above the high school level with a major in the field of computer programming may be substituted for a maximum of one year of the required (A) experience. V. An official transcript from a recognized business or vocational/ technical school as evidence of completion of a program consisting of at least 650 hours of instruction in the field of computer programming may be substituted for a maximum of one year of the required (A) experience. VI. Graduation from the data processing course of a recognized vocational/technical high school may be substituted for a maximum of one year of the required (A) experience. Education toward such a degree or diploma will be prorated on the basis of the proportion of the requirements actually completed. NOTE: No substitution will be allowed for more than two years of the required (A) experience. NOTE: No substitution will be allowed for the two years of the required (B) experience. Special Requirements: None.