Job Code 358057 Admin Pro/Indiv Contrib Duties & Responsibilities The Copyright Administrator is responsible for the administrative coordination of copyright, licensing, intellectual property, and information policies as they pertain to the development and delivery of HarvardX online learning experiences. Reporting to the HarvardX Senior Manager of Program Operations with a dotted line to the University’s Copyright Advisor, this position is responsible for managing and analyzing the workflow and application of HarvardX copyright policies that pertain to the creation, addition, or use of copyrighted or licensed content in HarvardX projects. This position is responsible for ensuring that all HarvardX projects are compliant with established HarvardX copyright policies and workflows. This position serves as the primary internal point of contact for training and guiding HarvardX’s continuing and project staff in proper judgment and application of existing HarvardX guidelines pertaining to intellectual property, including seeking permission; evaluating fair use judgments and specialized requirements for access, use, and sharing of media provided/available to HarvardX. This position reviews, supports, and approves all HarvardX projects, specifically on issues pertaining to intellectual property, in conjunction with HarvardX faculty and staff. This position creates, analyzes, and maintains policy documentation, contract templates, workflow documents, and best practices for HarvardX intellectual property tracking. This position serves as a point of contact for HarvardX relationships with external content providers such as publishers. This position is responsible for maintaining the course copyright tracking documents and aids in the outreach and training of the use of the documents to others. The successful HarvardX Copyright Administrator will be known for careful attention to detail and rigor in documentation, a broad understanding of the complexities involved in intellectual property law, consistent work effort over time, the ability to problem solve and work independently, ability to prioritize in a fast-paced, deadline-driven environment, and the ability to frame concise questions for quick, effective discussion and action. S/he will be responsible for overseeing a team of less-than-half-time employees, potentially working remotely, to review and approve rights issues in HarvardX projects. S/he will be known for getting assignments done well and on time, and for bringing a proactive, collaborative attitude to assignments. Basic Qualifications Candidates MUST meet the following basic qualifications in order to be considered for this role: Bachelor’s Degree 5 years relevant work experience Additional Qualifications Preferred qualifications Experience with copyright law, intellectual property, and licensing Excellent oral and written communication skills Juris doctor or library science degree Prior successful work experience in educational media, education publishing, library services, academic technology or teaching and learning support Proven project management skills Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail Ability to excel in a fast-paced, deadline-driven environment Ability to work independently with minimal supervision Ability to handle complex, confidential legal information with care and discretion Aptitude for learning and applying new technologies quickly and effectively Proven experience developing and using spreadsheet templates for project reporting Proficient in Microsoft Office and Google Suite in a Macintosh environment Experience with database and asset management software Additional Information Specific Duties As lead internal HarvardX copyright administrator of policies around third-party intellectual property, acts as primary point of contact and approver regarding the use, creation and dissemination of copyrighted works in HarvardX projects. Assesses, approves, and documents copyright clearance for the HarvardX slate of projects, including review of license agreements, detailed assessment of higher-risk scenarios, and escalating individual situations to Senior Manager of Program Operations and Copyright Advisor as needed. Provides direction and best practices to HarvardX staff regarding on-the-ground implementation of the HarvardX Copyright Guidelines. Trains and oversees the copyright/IP-related work of temporary, part-time staff hired occasionally to provide additional copyright clearance capacity on selected projects. Analyzes and maintains policy and procedural documentation relating to intellectual property and other publication risks, based on knowledge of existing law and current events; in collaboration with Copyright advisor, recommends and implements policy and procedure changes as needed. In consultation with Senior Manager of Program Operations, assesses the copyright status of projects across the HarvardX slate to determine appropriate level of support. In consultation with the Copyright Advisor, Senior Manager of Program Operations, and HarvardX staff, helps coordinate internal workflows and policies related to the copyright review of HarvardX content. Organizes trainings and workshops to educate faculty and HarvardX staff about the HarvardX copyright guidelines. Other duties as assigned. Additional Notes HarvardX is a highly interconnected environment, and its team members blend expertise in academic disciplines, teaching, pedagogy, multimedia production, educational research, project management, software development, data analysis, and instructional technology. All HarvardX hires are made within the context of the larger team setting, to ensure a balance of expertise and leadership across all these domains. Job Function General Administration Sub-Unit Interfaculty Initiatives Location USA - MA - Cambridge Department HarvardX Time Status Full-time Union 00 - Non Union, Exempt or Temporary Salary Grade 057 Pre-Employment Screening Identity Schedule Mon - Fri 35hrs./week EEO Statement We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, gender identity, sexual orientation, pregnancy and pregnancy-related conditions, or any other characteristic protected by law.