Overview Are you ready to join an organization where you can make an extraordinary impact every day? Imagine all Americans enjoying ideal cardiovascular health free of heart disease and stroke. At the American Heart Association and American Stroke Association, we get to work toward that goal every day. Is it easy? No. Is it worthwhile? Absolutely. This is satisfying and challenging work that makes a real difference in people's lives. We are where you can achieve professional growth with personal fulfillment. We are where you can connect people to making a lifesaving impact. We are where you can partner with individuals, schools, lawmakers, healthcare providers and others to ensure everyone has access to healthier lifestyle choices and proper healthcare. The American Heart Association is where you can make an extraordinary impact. Responsibilities The American Heart Association has a great opportunity for a Quality Programs Manager located in IL! This individual will be responsible for the development and implementation of regional quality programs and systems in the assigned market for improving care and treatment of Heart Failure patients. May also be responsible for identifying and implementing quality programs for improving CAD, Stroke or Afib care and treatment. Responsible for developing key partner and customer relationships in a variety of healthcare sectors, such as: hospitals, clinics, Quality improvement organizations, State health department, Payor groups and organizations, and State hospital association Provide consultation, direction and support on hospital and clinic barriers to support better heart failure care and outcomes. Facilitate task force/stakeholder meetings in coordination with health care volunteers and staff partners. \+ Coordinate efforts among hospital and clinics as well as other stakeholders on project goals and objectives, including communications, training and quality improvement. Travel to project hospital and clinic sites to conduct invited site visits and provide educational assistance. Assist hospitals with enrollment in GWTG-HF as needed \+ Act as the liaison between hospitals and clinics to facilitate ongoing communication and implementation of system of care processes. Coordinate and conduct statewide conferences in collaboration with staff partners and volunteers. \+ Communicate regularly with Project Director and Manager to assure tasks are completed according to grant timeline. Work with national staff partners through ongoing face-to-face meetings to ensure grant deliverables are being met according to timeline. \+ Serve as point person for ongoing resources needed by hospitals and clinics to sustain knowledge (via online education, articles, etc.). In coordination with staff partners and volunteers, establish sustainability plan for all components of grant. \+ Analyze results of training, education and in-hospital data to continually evaluate next steps and needs in the defined market. Ensure that issues related to data (within Get with The Guidelines) are addressed appropriately and in a timely manner quality staff. \+ Serve as point person for ongoing resources needed by hospitals and clinics to sustain knowledge (via online education, articles, etc). \+ Travel to project hospital and clinic sites to conduct invited site visits and provide educational assistance. \+ Ensure that activities function within the parameters of American Heart Association and Midwest Affiliate policy. Now that you know some of the responsibilities, take a look at the experience required: Qualifications \+ At least three (3) years of relevant experience \+ Bachelor’s Degree in Health Care, Science, Public Health or Nursing from an accredited university preferred. College coursework combined with related experience may be substituted for a degree. \+ Project management skills and experience; experienced in influencing performance without direct line accountability. \+ Strong verbal and written communications skills. \+ Ability to function independently with minimal supervision. \+ Ability to work in a team environment and interact with all levels of American Heart Association staff, volunteers and the public. \+ Proven background and willingness to work in an atmosphere requiring flexibility and change. \+ Access to reliable transportation and ability to maintain valid driver’s license and auto insurance. \+ Ability to travel daily up to 40% and overnight stay up to 10%. \+ Must have at least basic knowledge and skill with Microsoft Office 2007 or higher used for word processing, email, presentations, and spreadsheets. Preferred Experience: \+ Knowledge of heart failure is preferred. Click on “Apply for this job online” to submit your online application or “Log back in!” if you are a returning applicant. Only those candidates deemed most qualified by the hiring manager will be contacted to interview. At American Heart Association | American Stroke Association, diversity, inclusion, and equal opportunity applies to both our workforce and the communities we serve as it relates to heart health and stroke prevention. This position not a match with your skills? Click here to see other opportunities with the American Heart Association Be sure to follow us on Twitter to see what it is like to work for the American Heart Association and why so many people enjoy TheAHALife EOE Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Persons with Disabilities Need help finding the right job? We can recommend jobs specifically for you! Click here to get started. Application FAQs Requisition ID _2018-2955_ Job Family Group _Health Strategies & Programs_ Job Category _Health Services_