Job Description The Auto Club Group (ACG) provides membership, travel, insurance and financial services offerings to approximately 9 million members and customers across 11 states and 2 U.S. territories through the AAA, Meemic and Fremont brands. ACG belongs to the national AAA federation and is the second largest AAA club in North America. Primary duties and responsibilities (details of the basic job functions): Maintains the technical aspects of the software certification and acceptance- testing environment. Assists in coordinating technical activities across testing teams. Provides technical knowledge and assistance to development and business unit staff. Analyzes operating procedures and develops innovative approaches to enhance the team’s effectiveness. Assists with coordinating the implementation process for successfully tested and approved systems into a production environment. Assists in the planning and administration of standards, policies and procedures related to a multi-platform testing environment. Validates adherence to quality control standards. Develops and executes backup and recovery procedures for the software certification testing environments. Assists in the evaluation of related hardware and software products as appropriate. Supports backup and recovery procedures for the software certification testing environments and analyzes problem and design alternative approaches for problem resolution and/or alternative solutions. Preferred qualifications: Experience in an insurance environment Experience in multi-platform development and testing Middleware :Weblogic, JBoss, Apache Tomcat Software:CICD, GitHub, Jenkins, Chef/Puppet Unix/Linux scripting Qualifications Required qualifications (these are the minimum requirements to qualify): College level coursework or formal training in Computer Science, Information Systems, Business Administration or a related field. Technical Certification or Degree preferred. Experience in/with: Identifying, analyzing and resolving moderately complex technical problems Change control procedures Building and supporting mainframe environments (IMS, DB2, CICS, COBOL) Monitoring tasks, using appropriate tools and techniques, recording progress, adjusting to possible project changes and meeting deadlines Designing, developing, implementing or supporting moderately complex information systems Writing technical and procedural documentation Knowledge of: Testing tools, techniques and methodologies Systems development methodologies Security and control procedures Industry technology standards Ability to: Evaluate a moderately complex system and understand the interdependencies between components Provide guidance and training to technical staff Communicate clearly about technical topics Willingness to work overtime or weekends when required to meet test deadlines. TECHNICAL SKILLS: Experience in: Control languages (e.g., JCL) Data base administration (e.g., IMS &DB2 DB unloads, reloads, restores) Operating systems (e.g., MVS, OS/2, Windows) Software configuration tools (e.g., Endevor, Dimensions) On-line communications (e.g., CICS, IMS/DC) Productivity tools (e.g.Fileaid) Software implementation and maintenance Mainframe utilities (e.g., IEBGENER, SORT, UCANDU) The Auto Club Group offers a competitive compensation and benefits package including a base salary with performance based incentives; medical/dental/vision insurance, 401(k), generous time off, a complimentary AAA membership and much more! Important note: the above statements describe the principal and essential functions, but not all functions that may be inherent in the job. This job requires the ability to perform duties contained in the job description for this position, including, but not limited to, the above requirements. Reasonable accommodations will be made for otherwise qualified applicants, as needed, to enable them to fulfill these requirements. The Auto Club Group, and all of its affiliated companies, is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability or protected veteran status.