Job Description IBM Research is the innovation engine of IBM. Nearly every game-changing breakthrough in the information technology industry has its roots in an IBM Research lab. It has been a home for creative scientific minds since 1945, when Thomas J. Watson Sr. established the first corporate pure science research lab in the U.S. We are primed to define the future of technology for many years to come specifically around the world of Artificial Intelligence. We believe AI will transform the world in dramatic ways in the coming years – and our Research AI group is advancing the field through our portfolio of research and through collaboration with like-minded institutions including MIT (MIT-IBM Watson Lab - http://mitibmwatsonailab.mit.edu) and individuals to push the boundaries of AI faster – for the benefit of industry and society. Job Description We’re looking for Researchers with expertise in Distributed Systems as well as Machine Learning and Deep Learning to conduct foundational research. As a Research Staff Member working on our AI platform projects, you will work on ground-breaking and exciting projects. You will help design and implement state of the art AI systems that will have an impact on real world initiatives. You will collaborate with some of the brightest minds to take AI research ideas and turn them into scalable and robust systems. We want to bring out the best in you and expect you to do the same to us. Your dedicated approach to creative problem solving will be essential to the success of our team and the company. Responsibilities You will develop algorithms, protocols, and distributed system architectures for a new generation AI platform Work to continuously improve the AI platform’s infrastructure, capabilities and reach Provide improvements and advancements to the platform’s deep learning component to lower the barrier of entry for AI model creation and management Collaborate with other researchers, engineers and team members on theoretical and practical projects You will conduct world-class research in AI, publish in top-tier conferences and journals and file patent disclosures when appropriate You will assist in the development and commercialization of the meaningful assets 081583 Required Technical and Professional Expertise PhD in Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, or related technical fields Expertise with large-scale system engineering and distributed systems Experience with deep learning frameworks with the ability to work independently with the latest AI tools and frameworks Expertise with any of the following languages: Python, Java, C, C++, Go, Julia Validated background, publication record and experience in communicating your research in technical communities Proven social skills and ability to work in a team are meaningful Preferred Tech and Prof Experience Advanced skill level with standard machine learning techniques and frameworks including but not limited to TensorFlow, PyTorch Experience with automated distributed deployment and scaling technologies such as Kubernetes and Docker Experience with one or more of the following areas: hyper-parameter tuning, reinforcement learning, knowledge engineering, reasoning, planning, decision-making EO Statement IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.