POSITION SUMMARY This is a unique opportunity to join Enterprise Data Analytics team (EDA). The team was formed late in 2016 to lead both, analytics strategy and project- based solutions, focusing on the company’s most critical business areas. The focus of the group is to create dashboards that capture and visualize BorgWarner data to improve decision making, to solve business problems, drive savings, and improve efficiencies. KEY ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES The Enterprise Data Analytics BI Project Manager will be responsible for the project management and rollout of the analytical applications. The candidate will work closely with EDA teams to ensure the application is developed within established architecture, governance and project management framework. The candidate must be proficient in most major analytical technologies and techniques, and simultaneously understand the business language and dynamics to address business needs. The candidate needs to be able to recommend an analytical approach to solve the problem, plug analytics into the operations, and create results. The candidate must know how to communicate results in a financially compelling way to realize the value created. Help businesses adopt analytics and self-service analytical tools and ensure they reach a level of comfort and maturity to drive business results by leveraging insight. Execute effective change management methodology. Develop project plans for multiple project rollouts concurrently. Establish trustful connections with users that facilitates maturity and active feedback. Collect, compile and communicate users feedback for inclusion and prioritization in subsequent releases to drive continuous improvement, further adoption and generate business value. Be a change agent demonstrating a high level of energy, drive, hands-on attitude and enthusiasm to engage others. JOB REQUIREMENTS AND QUALIFICATIONS EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE (Minimum Qualifications) Bachelor's degree or Master’s degree in computer science, data science and/or business. Six (6) years of related experience in BI, data management, business analysis, or an equivalent combination of relevant education and/or experience. Relevant training or certification in Qlik Sense and/or Alteryx preferred - or willingness to pursue certification. Skills Requirements: Strong business acumen. Critical thinking and ability to drive conclusions based on data findings. Experience working with Data Analytics and Visualization Tools (like Qlik Sense, QlikView, or Tableau). Experience deploying major systems across complex organizations and multiple geographies. Proficiency to train and learn from groups of diverse cultures and backgrounds. Solid experience working with SAP; in a “super user” role desirable. At least two (2) years of experience in a plant or operations role (Supply Chain, Quality, Production, Purchasing, etc.) Business coaching/consulting experience desirable. The successful candidate should demonstrate the following qualities: Experience on flawlessly launching data science/analytics projects. Experience working as a change agent, leveraging data to drive results in the organization. Ability to guide, train and support teams through technological/innovation transformation processes. Results-driven and comfortable working in a fast-paced, target-driven environment. Good organizational skills and ability to manage several tasks and shifting priorities concurrently in order to meet deadlines. Ability to communicate and align across different business functions and levels. Strong problem solving and analytical skills. Resourceful and reliable. A persuasive and articulate communicator. Strong written and verbal communication, including technical writing skills. Strong organizational and interpersonal skills. Strong attention to detail with a passion for quality. Able to work well independently and collaboratively. KEY COMPETENCIES Learning on the Fly Problem Solving Interpersonal Savvy Action Oriented Functional/Technical Skills Negotiation Skills Customer Focus Drive for Results Listening Process Management Self-Knowledge Sense of Humor EEO STATEMENT It is the policy of BorgWarner to provide equal employment opportunity to all applicants/employees regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, marital status or any other characteristics covered by federal, state or local law.