Transforming the future of healthcare isn’t something we take lightly. It takes teams of the best and the brightest, working together to make an impact. As one of the largest healthcare technology companies in the U.S., we are a catalyst to accelerate the journey toward improved lives and healthier communities. Here at Change Healthcare, we’re using our influence to drive positive changes across the industry, and we want motivated and passionate people like you to help us continue to bring new and innovative ideas to life. If you’re ready to embrace your passion and do what you love with a company that’s committed to supporting your future, then you belong at Change Healthcare. Pursue purpose. Champion innovation. Earn trust. Be agile. Include all. Empower Your Future. Make a Difference. On March 1, 2017 McKesson Corporation (NYSE MCK) and Change Healthcare Holdings, Inc., formed a new healthcare information technology company, setting an incredibly exciting course for the future. The entity combined substantially all of Change Healthcare's business and the majority of McKesson Technology Solutions (MTS) into the new company. Please note if you apply to this job you are completing an application for employment with Change Healthcare, and not McKesson Corporation. If you are contacted by a Change Healthcare recruiter, please feel free to ask questions related to this new organization. CULTIVATING A CAREER WITHIN CHANGE HEALTHCARE Our culture is guided by our core values which are woven into the fabric of every aspect of our company; pursue purpose, champion innovation, earn trust, be agile, and include all. Join our team today where we are creating a better coordinated, increasingly collaborative, and more efficient healthcare system! Current Need Change Healthcare is looking for an Information Security Analyst to support and evolve their customer security assurance program. The program supports pre and post-sale information security related requests, such as: audits, risk assessments, questionnaires, attestations, and requests for numerous artifacts. This role will help to triage inquiries, develop responses, and fulfill the requests. The resource will partner with their stakeholders, including IT and information security control owners, to ensure compliance with critical controls. The resource will also administer, support and drive the evolution of tools and processes supporting the customer assurance program. RESPONSIBILITIES Facilitate and execute responses to information security related customer requests: Customer Questionnaires, Audits, Remediation Plans, Test results, Contracts, Certifications, Attestations etc... Support redlining and negotiating customer security contracts. Support metrics. Administer, maintain and support the customer assurance program, tools, processes, metrics, repositories, documentation, and artifacts. Maintain a high-level understanding of all information security policy and functions at Change Healthcare to enable conversational discussions on our overall control posture Maintain an understanding of organizational structure, product portfolio and control ownership to enable response assignments and deliverables Assist in the development of standard control response language and deliverables to ensure consistent and timely response to control inquiries Partner with internal IT teams to develop remediation plans to address findings Ensure remediation plans are tracked and executed as agreed Identify and execute process improvements. Partner with IT and security control owners and account managers to maintain positive customer satisfaction Represent Change Healthcare’s Information Security Program to customers as needed. Deliver challenging messages in a diplomatic fashion to internal and external stakeholders Ask informed questions to determine key details regarding control ownership and control posture Explain security controls to individuals who are not security experts Solicit and acquire responses from control owners that may not have responses readily available Organize on-site audits based on control areas and control owners to ensure efficient use of control owner and auditor time Categorize control deficiencies by domain to develop risk reports and drive remediation of repeat control deficiencies Identify alternative methods for achieving compliance to required controls Establish strong working relationships with IT teams, internal business customers, external customers, and peers _Required Knowledge, Skills and Abilities_ Excellent communication and Interpersonal skills - Able to interface, influence, and communicate (written and verbally) with all levels of management, industry organizations, and customers Solid understanding of a wide variety of IT concepts, risk domains, regulations ( ideally HIPAA, then PCI, FISMA) and information security control frameworks(ideally HITRUST, then ISO270001, NIST, COBIT) Technically proficient, minimally with MS Office products, but should also have experience assessing and applying technology to solve business problems Strong Task Management and Time Management Skills- Must be organized, analytical, flexible and detail oriented Experience developing and executing audits/risk assessments (vendor or customer focused audits/assessments is a plus) Minimum Requirements 4+ years experience in administering security controls in an organization Critical Skills 3-5 years of experience in a risk management, security assessment, or internal audit capacity If remote worker, must be able to work remotely without onsite supervision Strong research/project management skills required Education 4-year degree in computer science or related field or equivalent experience in Healthcare and/or Sales Operations. IT Security, compliance or auditing certification preferred (e.g. such as CISSP, CISM or equivalent) Working Conditions: Physical Requirements – Sitting, standing, walking, and using key board If remote worker, a home office / work space will be required with internet access, phone, copy/fax Benefits & Company Statement Change Healthcare is one of the largest, independent healthcare technology companies in the United States. We are a key catalyst of a value-based healthcare system working alongside our customers and partners to accelerate the journey towards improved lives and healthier communities. We provide software and analytics, network solutions and technology-enabled services that help our customers obtain actionable insights, exchange mission- critical information, control costs, optimize revenue opportunities, increase cash flow and effectively navigate the shift to value-based healthcare. Our solutions enable improved efficiencies and insights for all major stakeholders across the healthcare system, including commercial and governmental payers, employers, hospitals, physicians and other providers, laboratories and consumers. Change Healthcare is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer minorities/females/veterans/persons with disabilities. Qualified applicants will not be disqualified from consideration for employment based upon criminal history. Agency Statement No agencies please. Join our team today where we are creating a better coordinated, increasingly collaborative, and more efficient healthcare system!