Job Description Job Summary: The Estimator is the person who supports the sales and projects staff in developing design and engineering solutions for sales opportunities and keeps the estimates accurate and information up to date. The Estimator also assists in the day-to-day sales and projects activities of the Company. Job Duties and Responsibilities: Provide complete project engineering, selection of applicable materials and estimating labor. Write scope of work and develop cost estimate in response to bid specifications. Assist the sales organization by attending site-walk and pre-bid meetings. Track all site visits and keep detailed information of site conditions for use in the development of an accurate cost estimate. Act as liaison between and meet with sales, project management and operations when project is turned over for installation. Monitor that the sales price and actual installation costs coincide. Follow company guidelines on preferred selection of vendors and products. Work with vendors to obtain best solution, most competitive price and proper lead-time on materials. Provide accurate takeoffs and cost estimate per Company’s recommended solutions book and technical support personnel. Ensure that all estimating work meets the customer and company quality and safety level always. Attend training and review sessions on technical requirements per the company’s training guidelines. Meet bid schedules and deadlines, working within a very strict timeframe. Attend and complete job turnover meetings as required to cover all details and expectations of project as they were estimated. Other responsibilities as assigned. Qualifications Physical and Mental Requirements: Must be self-motivated, positive in approach, able to help create, develop and implement project process improvement(s). Must promote the company culture and mission to all employees, vendors, clients and business partners. Must possess proven problem solving skills, critical thinking skills and the ability to effectively read, write and give oral presentation(s). Must have proven high skill level to interpret blueprints and other project documents, including but not limited to, specifications, reporting and quality requirements. Must be able to travel within the branch territory and/or regional territory as needed. Must be able to manage multiple projects/estimates and present a high level of organization. Education, Certification, License, and Skill Requirements: HS Diploma or GED required. Associate’s Degree or Bachelor’s Degree preferred. Minimum of one (1) year of experience in customer interface, such as liaison between the customer and the company. RCDD preferred, but not required. Structured Cabling industry experience preferred. Must be proficient with Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, MS Project). Must meet company minimum driving standards. Must have the proven ability to design, engineer, estimate and develop a written and graphic representation of the company’s proposed solutions utilizing the software resources provided by the company. Minimum Years of Experience 6+ License Required No Minimum Education High School Overview IES is a national provider of industrial products and infrastructure services to a variety of end markets, including electrical, mechanical and communications contracting solutions for the commercial, industrial, residential and renewable energy markets. IES is publicly traded on NASDAQ under the symbol IESC. As of the end of IES’s 2017 fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, IES produced over $810.7 million in revenue and employed over 3,500 employees at over 84 domestic locations across the United States. From office buildings to wind farms, industrial complexes to housing developments, our employees and design professionals design, build, and maintain the systems that empower lives. Our commitment to our employees is reflected by our actions: Safety is Priority One – and our record shows it Competitive Pay Company 401K plan with Employer Contribution Match Company Paid Time Off Company Paid Life Insurance Choice of Medical Coverage including Prescription and Short Term Disability Plans Choice of Dental and Vision Coverage Optional Long-term Disability, Critical Illness, Accident, Legal and Pet Coverage Auto and Home Insurance Discount Programs EEO Statement PLEASE NO AGENCY CALLS. NOTE TO ALL AGENCIES: Any unsolicited agency resumes or agency represented candidates that are presented to any IES employee without first having a signed contract between that agency and the IES Talent Acquisition organization will become the property of IES and no fees will be paid. EEO & Affirmative Action The IES policy on equal employment opportunity prohibits discrimination based on race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, gender identity, sexual orientation, individuals with disabilities, protected veterans, or any other protected status or characteristic. This policy applies to recruiting, hiring, transfers, promotions, terminations, compensation, benefits, and all other terms and conditions of employment, and also states that retaliation against any employee who files a complaint regarding possible violations of this policy will not be tolerated. IES is also committed to taking affirmative steps to promote the employment of minorities, women, individuals with disabilities, and protected veterans. IES develops affirmative action programs to support its commitment to equal employment opportunity, consistent with company policy and the company’s obligations as a contractor to the United States government. View Your Equal Employment Opportunity rights under the law. "EEO is the Law" poster | "EEO is the Law" poster supplement View IES' policy on Pay Transparency Pay Transparency NonDiscrimination Poster Disability Accommodation IES is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. IES provides reasonable accommodation for individuals protected by Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Vietnam Era Veterans' Readjustment Assistance Act of 1974 and Title I of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990. Applicants who need accommodation in the job application process should contact the IES corporate office at (713) 860-1500 or any IES office to request assistance. IES Participates in E-Verify E-Verify Information English/Spanish Right to Work English Spanish