Avalara is looking for a writer who wants to create more than one type of content. Avalara is growing and so is our content. Join us to design and deliver the best customer experience on the planet. About You You get the big picture, considering the customer experience from first- contact to every-day use, and then to mastery. You use words to make connections, whether you’re creating user interface text, web articles, online classes, or media Your writing is direct, simple, and conversational You pay attention to the whole of the project, understanding why you’re doing something before you do it You let people know when timelines or goals need to change You understand that great communication involves iteration, so you enjoy giving and receiving feedback. You know when to let go You love to learn and can’t wait to share your knowledge with others. You have great ideas and you’re willing to try them You’re not afraid to ask questions You’re humble despite all that About the Job Create in-product and online content for our customers as part of the Avalara Knowledge and Learning team. We create content for the user experience of our services, Avalara Help Center, and Avalara University. Work with product-groups and subject matter experts to understand our product plans and technology Get to know your customers so you create the content they need, and then use data to make it better Create a content strategy for each phase of the customer lifecycle Write clear, simple, conversational text based on that strategy Investigate and prioritize updates to existing content Track and communicate project status, and deliver what you promise Constantly seek and respond to stakeholder and customer feedback Qualifications you really need to have already Be prepared to share samples demonstrating the qualifications below as part of the interview process. Experience creating assistance content for external customers (3+ years) Experience creating text that’s part of the product experience, such as user interface text, event messages, labels, or on-screen assistance (2+ years) Experience translating technical information into conversational language (2+ years) Experience collaborating with software development teams and turning product information into customer-facing content Demonstrated ability to analyze customer needs and develop a writing plan to meet those needs Experience using authoring tools to create and publish content on the web Ability to use all the standard software tools and, more importantly, the ability to learn new ones About Avalara Avalara helps businesses of all sizes achieve compliance with transaction taxes, including sales and use, VAT, excise, communications, and other tax types. The company delivers comprehensive, automated, cloud-based solutions designed to be fast, accurate, and easy to use. The Avalara Compliance Cloud® platform helps customers manage complicated and burdensome tax compliance obligations imposed by state, local, and other taxing authorities throughout the world. Avalara offers more than 600 pre-built connectors into leading accounting, ERP, ecommerce and other business applications, making the integration of tax and compliance solutions easy for customers. Each year, the company processes billions of indirect tax transactions for customers and users, files more than a million tax returns, and manages millions of tax exemption certificates and other compliance documents. Headquartered in Seattle, Avalara has offices across the U.S. and overseas in the U.K., Belgium, Brazil, and India. More information at www.avalara.com LI-YT1