As an experienced Software Engineer, your mission is to help lead our team of innovators and technologists toward creating next-level solutions that improve the way our business is run. Your deep knowledge of design, analytics, development, coding, testing and application programming will help your team raise their game, meeting your standards, as well as satisfying both business and functional requirements. Your expertise in various technology domains will be counted on to set strategic direction and solve complex and mission critical problems, internally and externally. Chase Merchant Services data management team is looking for _Technical Team Lead with experience in big data and technologies such as Hadoop, Kafka, Spark, Cassandra and related ecosystem stack to work on a Greenfield data and analytics platform._ The successful candidate will be involved in all phases of development lifecycle, from proof of concept to delivery of end to end solution. You will be working on implementing complex data projects with a focus on ingesting, parsing, managing, analyzing and building APIs/Visualization of large sets of data. This role requires a wide variety of strengths and capabilities, including: Lead and develop the big data platform Design, build, implement, document and automate ingestion (real time and batch), enrichment and analytics data pipelines using big data tools and technologies Design NoSQL Data models for sub milliseconds queries and to store data in most space efficient way Building APIs and SDKs in Java for customer facing corporate portal Gathering and refining requirements from stakeholders Ability to develop Spark frameworks for wider developer base consumption Production support of live data pipelines Working with developers in other component teams to ensure consistent integration of services across teams BS/BA degree or equivalent experience in related function Expertise in application, data and infrastructure architecture disciplines Advanced knowledge of architecture, design and business processes Keen understanding of financial control and budget management Ability to work collaboratively in teams and develop meaningful relationships to achieve common goals 10+ years’ experience with full development lifecycle from inception through implementation. 3+ years’ experience with Hadoop ecosystem technology stacks as HDFS, HBase, Hive, Spark Experience with development, deployment, and support of large-scale distributed applications in a mission-critical production environment. In depth knowledge of Java 8 In depth knowledge of OO and SOLID design principles Demonstrable experience of successfully delivering big data projects using Kafka, Spark, Cassandra and related stack on premise or cloud Experience building low latency, high throughput APIs using Spring framework Able to tune big data solutions to improve performance Excellent understand of Spring framework Experience with Oracle databases Testing frameworks Performance and monitoring tools Continuous Integration & Delivery tools Our Consumer & Community Banking Group depends on innovators like you to serve nearly 66 million consumers and over 4 million small businesses, municipalities and non-profits. You’ll support the delivery of award winning tools and services that cover everything from personal and small business banking as well as lending, mortgages, credit cards, payments, auto finance and investment advice. This group is also focused on developing and delivering cutting edged mobile applications, digital experiences and next generation banking technology solutions to better serve our clients and customers. When you work at JPMorgan Chase & Co., you’re not just working at a global financial institution. You’re an integral part of one of the world’s biggest tech companies. In 14 technology hubs worldwide, our team of 40,000+ technologists design, build and deploy everything from enterprise technology initiatives to big data and mobile solutions, as well as innovations in electronic payments, cybersecurity, machine learning, and cloud development. Our $9.5B+ annual investment in technology enables us to hire people to create innovative solutions that will not only transform the financial services industry, but also change the world. At JPMorgan Chase & Co. we value the unique skills of every employee, and we’re building a technology organization that thrives on diversity. We encourage professional growth and career development, and offer competitive benefits and compensation. If you’re looking to build your career as part of a global technology team tackling big challenges that impact the lives of people and companies all around the world, we want to meet you.