The mission of the Cloud Developer Advocacy team is to win the hearts and minds of Developers and IT Operators to secure the future of the platform. The Cloud Developer Advocacy team is first and foremost pivoted on enabling a healthy ecosystem for technical communities targeting Azure. Each team maps to a set of Azure services and open source technologies relevant to that technical audience. You’ll be responsible for managing the logistical operations of the Cloud Developer Advocacy team. You’ll work with Program Managers on your immediate team to collect, organize, synthesize, and distribute information as it pertains to CDA event planning and execution. You’ll manage our processes for vetting, planning, and evaluating the success of event and community opportunities. Together with the Senior Events Program Manager, you'll work with CDA leads to share best practices, make recommendations and suggestions, and ensure consistency across our event and community strategy. You'll also support CDA events for the following technologies: AI, ML, Data Science, IoT, Java. This means collaborating with internal and external constituents in these technical communities in order to plan, market, execute, and evaluate events. Creativity, flexibility, and resourcefulness are essential characteristics of a successful CDA event planner. We see everything through the lens of anticipation, accommodation, action which leads to positive and inclusive event experiences for all audiences. Responsibilities Job Responsibilities: Understand our strategic business goals and support the complementary CDA event strategy from an operational standpoint Maintain comprehensive CDA event calendar; initiate and develop solid relationships with event/community organizers across the company to share CDA schedule Maintain CDA event budget; fulfill POs, negotiate discounts if applicable Maintain events playbook, templates for planning and evaluating events Create and maintain CDA resource library: travel guide, helpful links Partner with Senior Events Program Manager to plan and execute CDA summits, Ignite, other internal events as needed Support Cloud + Enterprise Marketing team on third-party and first-party events they manage on our behalf Qualifications Experience and Skills: At least 4+ years of working in events, specifically event operations Proven track record of organizing and distributing information via multiple channels and methods Exceptional cross-organizational, verbal, written communication skills Ability to gracefully navigate, listen, synthesize, influence, deescalate and re-route issues across the org chart; comfortable asking for help Highly motivated self-starter who relies on strong sense of self and work ethic to produce quality and quantity Problem solver who seeks sustainable solutions vs isolated fixes Understands and appreciates the constant and rapid shift in how and where people consume content A passion for developers and nerd culture A belief that organizations and industries are best when they are diverse and inclusive, and a commitment to ensuring that everything we do reflects that belief Works well independently and often remotely/from home (if desired) Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.