A well-known food service provider is looking to hire a Network Administrator to join their team. They are looking for an individual who is able to design, develop, and implement their network infrastructure. An ideal candidate will be comfortable programming routers/switches, configuring DNS servers, as well as firewall and security maintenance. They will have a baseline experience installing network equipment plans and troubleshooting network issues. Additionally, this role will align with Telecom Expense Manager (TEM), control, maintain, and manage 100% of my client’s operational demand for wireline and voice services. The duration of this contract is for one year, and can pay up to $43 an hour. Required Skills & Experience Proficient developing, designing, maintain and implementing network infrastructure Is comfortable determining network bandwidth needs Conduct network modeling and analysis Direct system installation Select and install appropriate data communications components Configure DNS servers Maintain firewall and manage security related to hacking Define, document, and enforce system standards Manage owned domain names Design, recommend and implement new solutions to improve the resilience of network operations Monitor network performance and troubleshoot problems and outages Engage in data network fault investigations Collaborate with network architects to optimize system performance Report network operation status Secure network systems with policies that define and monitor access Desired Skills & Experience Excellent communication Bachelor’s Degree Meraki/Cisco Enterprise level experience What You Will Be Doing Tech Breakdown 85% Network Administration 15% User support Daily Responsibilities 80% Hands On 20% Other The Offer Competitive Pay: Up to $63/hour, DOE Contract Duration: 12 Months (1 year) You will receive the following benefits: Medical, Dental, & Vision Insurance (Cigna) PTO Gym reimbursement Company Outings Company catered lunches Maternity/Paternity leave 401(k) Paid Sick Time Leave Pre-tax Commuter Benefit Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis now and in the future. This position does not offer sponsorship. Jobspring Partners, part of the Motion Recruitment network, provides IT Staffing Solutions (Contract, Contract-to-Hire, and Direct Hire) across 10 major North American markets. Our unique expertise in today’s highest demand tech skill sets, paired with our deep networks and knowledge of our local technology markets, results in an exemplary track record with candidates and clients.