Job Description Summary Partners with Commercial Banking Group to understand, design and implement data solutions, architectures and strategies that meet or exceed organizational initiatives and are consistent with enterprise architectural standards. The position applies knowledge of the Commercial Banking Group in development and evaluation of alternatives for solutions. Participates in the development and maintenance of overall data architecture and strategy to the Commercial Banking Group. Essential Job Functions Develops recommendations on process improvements Participates in the development of data management policies, standards and procedures Creates detailed design, validate and communicate modeling solutions, including both relational and dimensional models Contributes to Conceptual data architecture solution, Estimation and contributes to the project planning sessions for medium to high complex projects. Participates in supporting the development and update of enterprise architectural strategies, standards, processes and tools. Provides in-depth identification and resolution of information flow and content issues. Other Job Duties Partners directly with the Enterprise Architects, clients, ETL developers, other key stakeholders to design and develop high performing database solutions and maintain consistent data element definitions Works with FinTech partners to craft solutions around data provisioning and migration from proofs to working relationships. Performs other duties as assigned. Establishes and maintains visible and transparent relationships with senior management in Commercial Banking Group. Coordinates and communicates with key stakeholders on required data architecture standards and activities. Qualifications Required Experience Requires deep knowledge of job area typically obtained through advanced education combined with experience. Requires 7-10 years minimum prior relevant experience. May have broad knowledge of project management. Typically viewed as a specialist within discipline. Education Bachelor's Degree Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Bank of the West is an Equal Opportunity employer and proud to provide equal employment opportunity to all job seekers without regard to any status protected by applicable law. Bank of the West is also an Affirmative Action employer - Minority / Female / Disabled / Veteran. Bank of the West will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance subject to the requirements of all state and federal laws and regulations.