Since 1851, MassMutual’s commitment has always been to help people protect their families, support their communities, and help one another. This is why we want to inspire people to Live Mutual. We at MassMutual value diversity and inclusion. We’re people helping people. A career with us means you will work alongside exceptional people and be empowered to reach your professional and personal goals. Our employees are the foundation of what makes MassMutual a strong, stable and ethical business. We seek and value unique and varied perspectives and experiences because we believe we are stronger when all voices are heard. We invite you to bring your bright, innovative ideas to MassMutual as we continue to help millions of Americans rely on each other. Together, we’re stronger. Description YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES Planning : Work with Marketing and other cross-team stakeholders to identify business requirements and customer needs as well as ideate new opportunities. Present each of these requirements and their business value to the Product Owner for prioritization. Actively participate in roadmapping exercises. Definition : Write functional specs for prioritized requirements based on a thorough understanding of the existing product/process context and including clear expectations from Design, Development and QA. Design : Work with Design and other cross-team stakeholders to ensure the timely completion of strong UX and UI designs for prioritized requirements. Work with Design, Customer Insight, and Customer Service to understand user behavior and preferences. Development : Work with Developers to outline the optimal technical approach and ensure timely completion of development work for prioritized requirements. Monitor progress through the sprint and remove any hurdles. Testing : Work with QA engineers, and pitch in as needed, to ensure developed tickets are properly tested and iterated on, as needed. Release : Coordinate with developers, QA engineers, release managers, and the infrastructure team to ensure timely completion of user acceptance testing and production releases. Work with Product Owner and other stakeholders to remove any hurdles. Post-Production : Partner with Customer Service and analyze data and metrics to monitor and improve the customer experience. Ensure production issues are promptly defined, prioritized and resolved as needed. YOUR IMPACT Ideate and influence the future direction of our industry combining an understanding of both the evolving customer needs and the evolving technical capabilities. Be a vocal advocate for the customer and build simple, superior and meaningful experiences for them. Future-proof our products by embedding quality, modularity and extensibility in them. REQUIREMENTS BS/BA 3 to 6 years of experience in a business analyst or junior product owner/manager role on a software development team operating in an Agile environment Entrepreneurial minded Self-starter Able to collaborate with cross-functional teams and individuals Authorized to work in the US for any employer without requiring Visa sponsorship Preferred Skills/Experience BS/BA in Information Technology, Computer Science, Business or a related field Experience in a startup company Experience analyzing data, identifying options, and presenting recommendations to business decision makers Experience working within a financial services or insurance context Experience working on long-term, cross-team projects delivered via Agile sprints Competencies Strategic perspective Critical thinking Attention to detail Execution through accountability, teamwork and inspiration Collaboration within and across teams Ranked No. 77 in the annual FORTUNE ® 500 Ranking (FORTUNE ® Magazine, June 2017) and recognized as a World’s Most Ethical Company by Ethisphere, MassMutual is guided by a single purpose: We help people secure their future and protect the ones they love. As a company owned by our policyowners, we are defined by mutuality and our vision to put customers first. It’s more than our company structure – it’s our way of life. We are a company of people protecting people. Our company exists because people are willing to share risk and resources, and rely on each other when it counts. At MassMutual, we Live Mutual. CORE VALUES Focus on the Customer: We understand our customers well and look for every opportunity to deliver an experience that is clear, easy, personal, human, empowering and trustworthy. Act with Integrity: We deliver on our promises by being open, honest and humble and by adhering to the letter and spirit of applicable laws, rules, regulations and company policies. Value People: We respect and learn from each other’s diverse backgrounds, experiences and ideas. We engage and develop people to their greatest potential. Work Collaboratively: We work together to achieve results by actively listening, seeking, understanding and creating solutions as a unified team driving toward one company, one culture, one brand. Achieve Results: We focus on winning by exceeding expectations and getting better – everyone, every day. For more information, visit www.massmutual.com or find us on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, YouTube, Google+, Instagram and Pinterest. _MassMutual is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer_ _Minority/Female/Sexual_ _Orientation/Gender Identity/Individual with Disability/Protected Veteran. We welcome all persons to apply._