From day one, experience our difference. The Plante Moran Technology Services team is recognized as a Computerworld Top 100 Places to Work in IT for 2018 and has won two prestigious awards in 2017 : InformationWeek IT Excellence and the CIO 100. Our team was also a past award winner for InformationWeek IT Excellence in 2012 and 2013. If you are seeking professional growth, like being innovative and challenged, and desire to work on impactful business technology projects, we want to hear from you! Your role. Your work will include, but not be limited to: Perform daily monitoring of security tools and oversee remediation of items identified Respond to inquiries regarding our security controls Perform in-house vulnerability testing, risk analyses and security assessments and oversee remediation, oversee third party vulnerability testing and remediation Research the latest information (IT) security trends and recommend appropriate security tools and countermeasures Respond to and manage disruptive events within the firm, analyze and investigate to determine if alerts or events warrant incident classification Monitor, track, and document information security related issues and threats to ensure prompt resolution Work with the Information Security Manager to assist in overseeing vendor security program; to define, implement and maintain corporate security policies; train fellow staff in security awareness and procedures and other projects as needed The qualifications. Bachelor’s degree in Information Systems or related degree preferred 0-3 years of Network, Systems, and Security experience and demonstrated knowledge of security best practices Technical knowledge and/or experience with the following: Next generation AV tools Web filtering solutions SIEM solutions Email security solutions Active Directory groups, user accounts and Windows folder security structure Vulnerability management software (e.g. Tenable Security Center, Nessus, etc.) Penetration testing, ADFS, Microsoft Windows Server and Cloud Security (IaaS, Saas, etc.) is preferred Our difference. We are a nationally recognized public accounting, consulting, and wealth management firm, consistently ranked as one of FORTUNE magazine’s “100 Best Companies to Work For.” At Plante Moran, we live by the Golden Rule, fostering a relatively “jerk-free” culture with the lowest staff turnover rate in the industry. Our supportive network of well-rounded professionals is excited to catapult your growth and help pave your pathway to professional excellence. Apply now. Experience our difference. This is an exempt position, so you may have to work hours that exceed the standard 40-hour work week. _Plante Moran is an Equal Opportunity Employer, committed to a diverse workplace._ Interested applicants must submit their resume for consideration using our applicant tracking system. Due to the high volume of applications received, only candidates selected for interviews will be contacted. Candidates must be legally authorized to work in the United States without sponsorship, with the exception of candidates that are bilingual in Japanese and English. Unsolicited resumes from search firms or employment agencies, or similar, will not be paid a fee and become the property of Plante Moran. The specific statements above are not intended to be all-inclusive.