IRM Sys Analyst IV The Software Asset Management Analyst (System Analyst IV) is selected by, accountable to, and works under Enterprise Services team and reports directly to the Network Access Manager. This role has the responsibility and authority to catalog, track, and archive software assets such as media, license agreements, purchase documentation and other related documentation in a manner in which the software asset and/or related information can be readily retrieved and utilized. This position will work alongside other IT areas to issue license keys and troubleshoot access issues. The Analyst will maintain the DFPS Software Asset Management tool, perform periodic statewide/department inventories, maintain information needed to standardize purchased versions statewide, perform audits and reconciliations, track and reallocate licenses based on usage, track annual compliance of agency software, and develop applicable policies, guidelines, and procedures. The Analyst will work in close collaboration with other IT units and will represent IT to outside agents, vendors, and other governmental agencies. This position is considered one of special trust and responsibility and must adhere to strict DFPS guidelines for security and confidentiality. The mission of DFPS is to protect children, the elderly, and people with disabilities from abuse, neglect, and exploitation by involving clients, families, and communities. We are looking to grow our teams with people like you who share our energy and enthusiasm to get behind our mission of protecting those among us who are most in need. This position is classified as a full-time position (40 hours a week). Work outside of regular hours may be required. This position may require travel 5 - 10% of the time. You will work under limited supervision, with considerable latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment. This position is a full-time position that includes other State of Texas benefits as described in this SAO site: http://www.sao.texas.gov/SAOReports/ReportNumber?id=18-704 Essential Job Functions: • Performs the software asset management function which includes the collection, cataloging, and filing of software assets such as master media, other application media, license agreements and related items (20%) • Administers and maintains the Agency license database/tool and user profiles for tracking annual software compliance. (20%) • Performs provisioning and troubleshooting activities to resolve user software access issues. (20%) • Develops and maintains applicable policies, guidelines, and procedures for agency software asset management. (15%) • Coordinates with other Information Resources units in the evaluation, purchasing, receiving, implementation planning and distribution of software applications and upgrades. (5%) • Performs the inventory, reconciliation and reporting of software license compliance for agency computing system platforms statewide. (5%) • Works with Software Vendors and Resellers for obtaining quotes and resolving licensing issues. (5%) • Works alongside IT Operations staff to ensure IT business operations are supported through other tasks as assigned. (10%) Knowledge Skills Abilities: • Knowledge of Software Asset Management principles and practices. • Direct experience working with Snow Software Asset Management application or similar software asset management applications (ServiceNow, Certero, Flexera, Aspera, Ivanti, etc.). • Knowledge of software procurement processes. • Demonstrated knowledge of office productivity software including Microsoft Office Suite to include MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint, MS Project, SharePoint, Visio and/or SQL. • Ability to develop, design and produce documents and reports using automated software or analytical tools and graphics. • Strong communication skills and ability to communicate with technical, non-technical, functional, management and executive staff. • Skill working both independently, under pressure, with a minimum of supervision, and as lead or a member of a team. • Ability to in initiate and maintain positive and effective working relationships with people of various levels of expertise, functioning at various organizational levels. • Demonstrated skills defining and organizing tasks, responsibilities and priorities. • Experience planning, coordinating and performing complex tasks. • Ability to interpret policy, procedures and/or state and federal laws. • Ability to understand and follow instructions, learn new applications and objectively accept constructive criticism. • The ability to maintain the confidentiality of sensitive information. Registration or Licensure Requirements: Graduation from an accredited four-year college or university with major course work in computer science, management information systems, or a related field is generally preferred. Education and experience may be substituted for one another on a year for year basis. Preferred Certifications (not required): • Certified Software Manager (CSM) • Advanced Software Manager (ASM) • Certified Software Asset Manager (CSAM) • Certified IT Asset Manager (CITAM) Initial Selection Criteria: • Graduation from an accredited four-year college or university with major course work in computer science, management information systems, or a related field is generally preferred. Education and experience may be substituted for one another. • Experience with Software Asset Management • Experience in planning/gathering requirements for automating business processes. • Experience with business process improvement Experience with software procurement processes Additional Information: Requisition 388063 MOS Code: Note: Military occupation(s) that relate to the initial selection criteria and registration or licensure requirements for this position may include, but not limited to: 25B, IT, 275, 0171, 3D0X2. All active duty military, reservists, guardsmen, and veterans are encouraged to apply if qualified to fill this position. For more information see the Texas State Auditor’s Military Crosswalk at http://www.hr.sao.state.tx.us/Compensation/JobDescriptions.aspx. HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work. I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form. In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview.