Responsibilities: Understand marketing strategy and objectives, design applicable data analytics approach, extract insights from data or build predictive and optimization models, work with business to implement, and measure business impact. Uncover customer journey and behavior on digital and offline properties. Identify key drivers of customer experience and revenue growth. Develop models for predicting web traffic patterns, marketing budget forecasts, cross-sell opportunities, gross and net sale forecast and revenue across various marketing channels. Design and develop reports and dashboards to present data. Develop and implement predictive scoring models for prospects and customers using various SAS and R models. Work with marketing teams to implement intelligent models to improve marketing creative performance and lead conversion. Showcase ability to work across online/offline marketing, sales planning, inbound/outbound sales, strategy and other national/international teams. Fully leverage all available online and offline data sources to create a holistic view of customer journey and build advanced analytics solutions to solve customer acquisition and growth problems. Identify gaps in sales conversions and test hypothesis to improve conversion rates by marketing channel. Create and own comprehensive library of statistical models along with their documentation and presentation of materials. Lead the discovery processes with stakeholders identifying business requirements, customer lifetime value (CLV) and cost to acquire customer (CTA) Qualifications: Master’s degree in either computer science, statistics, data science, mathematics or economics required. PhD preferred or equivalent working experience. 3-5 years of hands on working experience with Tableau, Python, R, SAS, SQL and database structures. Solid statistics or data analytics approaches, methods, applications to real world issues. A passion for data analytics and understanding of marketing fundamentals. Ability to manage multiple concurrent projects in a fast-paced environment Strong programming expertise, statistical techniques, data analysis and reduction, machine learning, qualitative and analytic experience Exceptional written, communication and interpersonal skills PLEASE APPLY ONLINE by hitting the ' Apply ' button. Applications will ONLY be accepted via the ‘Apply’ button. This role is being handled by the Centrica recruitment team and NO agency contact is required.