Overview Sendero Health Plans serves as Central Texas’ local community-based health plan. Sendero’s mission is to provide comprehensive health care coverage and to arrange for innovative, high quality and cost-effective medical services for health plan members within Central Texas. At Sendero Health Plans we understand, and we treat our members and their families with compassion and respect. Sendero is seeking a full-time intern for our 3 month, paid internship where u nder the general direction of the Chief Operations Officer, the Technical Program Intern supports data analysis for Sendero Health Plans. The Technical Program Intern: Researches, compiles, and analyzes health data, prepares and distributes reports, including making appropriate observations and recommendations; Makes recommendations to support efficient and effective data collection and management for Sendero in its use in reporting to internal and external stakeholders; and Researches and develops outcome measures, makes appropriate recommendations on effective measurement and analyzes data in relation to identified outcome measures. Responsibilities This position provides the services below to support strategic planning, service delivery, performance measurement, communication and finance. Compile and analyze data from various internal and external sources, including manipulation of large clinical and claims data sets using SQL or other advanced analytic tools. Identify and troubleshoot data anomalies and irregularities. Prepare accurate and meaningful quantitative and qualitative ongoing monthly, quarterly and annual reports and briefs for various internal and external stakeholders, including elected officials. Prepare and monitor performance measure information on Sendero supported services including: Recommending measure and targets for assessing utilization and effectiveness Defining how performance measure are collected Forecasting trends Presenting findings Participate in Sendero’s planning and research initiatives (both internal and external), including: Participate in Sendero and interagency strategy meetings and collaborative initiatives Research data on community health care needs and health status Provide data on how Sendero’s services correspond with identified needs Analyze the impact of policy changes on community and Sendero Assist in the development of community-level measures Develop system to track progress on agreed-upon measures/initiatives Execute data changes and update core systems as needed Handle multiple projects and timelines effectively and communicate risks and issues to manager regularly Knowledge/Skills/Abilities: Advanced Knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite, Version 2010 preferred Business Intelligence tools, such as Cognos, Tableau, SAS Creation of data tracking systems, including dashboards and metrics Clinical data and claims data (Medicaid or other public programs preferred) Publically available health-related data sources Statistical analysis, research, program evaluation or epidemiology preferred. HMO, Medicaid, CHIP and/or Marketplace experience preferred. Office applications, including Excel and Access Must have a demonstrated ability to work with large datasets Use of statistics to solve problems and perform moderately complex data analysis. Experience understanding and writing SQL queries in various environments. Experience developing and troubleshooting programming code (e.g. SQL, SAS, STATA, R). Demonstrated ability to manage and prioritize multiple projects with varying deadlines. Compliance with data confidentiality and security procedures. Perform complex operations in Microsoft Office Suite, with an emphasis on Excel and Access. Ability to write and speak clearly, easily communicating complex ideas as indicated by audience. Knowledge of healthcare, including medical claims coding, relationships between health plans, providers, and payers, a plus. Qualifications MINIMUM EDUCATION: Coursework in data analysis, programming or other PREFERRED EDUCATION: Bachelor of Science in Information Technology or Healthcare MINIMUM EXPERIENCE: Strong skills in Analysis, Coding, Programming, and Data Warehousing PREFERRED EXPERIENCE: Minimum of 2 years’ experience analyzing healthcare data. Knowledge of healthcare, including medical claims coding, relationships between health plans, providers, and payers, is a plus ADDITIONAL: This position is a 3 month, full time, paid internship