We are now looking for a Senior Deep Learning Compiler Engineer. NVIDIA is hiring Compiler Engineer for its Deep Learning team. Academic and commercial groups around the world are using GPUs to power a revolution in deep learning, enabling breakthroughs in problems from image classification to speech recognition to natural language processing and artificial intelligence. Join the team that is developing advanced technology for the software which will be used by the entire deep learning community. What you'll be doing: You will be developing high level transformations and optimizations for NVIDIA GPUs and accelerators for Deep Learning. You will work on transforming a graph intermediate representation (IR) to an efficient form and for training neural networks.Your contributions will advance state of the art in compiler technology for delivering high performance for acceleration of artificial intelligence workloads across a variety of workloads ranging from inference to training. This role will develop, advanced techniques for optimizing and training large neural networks use on NVIDIA platforms. You will collaborate with members of the software framework teams and the hardware architecture teams to accelerate the next generation of deep learning software and work on integrating the backend in a variety of frameworks. What we need to see: Masters or PhD or equivalent experience in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related field. 4 years of significant work or research experience in compiler optimizations, synthesis, optimization, code generation, programming models and computer architecture. Be able to work independently, define project scope and goals, and lead your own efforts Excellent programming and software design skills, including debugging, performance analysis, and test design. Experience with C/C++is a plus. Knowledge of CPU and/or GPU architecture. CUDA or OpenCL programming experience desired but not required Experience with the following technologies is a huge plus: deep learning models and algorithms, and deep learning framework design. Ways to stand out from the crowd: 12 years overall engineering experience. Strong communication skills are required along with the ability to work in a dynamic product oriented team. A history of mentoring junior engineers and interns is a bonus. NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most brilliant and talented people in the world working for us. If you're creative and autonomous, we want to hear from you! NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. deeplearning