Cummins is a place big enough to coach and develop a global workforce and create the world’s leading clean, engine technology. We’re also small enough for you to find your fit and personal passion with a team of dependable, innovative thinkers who are developing their careers within a diverse, inclusive, empowering environment. Learn more about this role and how you can begin _Working Right_. Working in an innovative space, you’ll develop high tech solutions that will fuel your advanced career skill set and empower you to own your career. Our integrated businesses demand the talents and creativity of individuals with a wide range of skills and experience. This is an exciting opportunity in Shoreview, MN for a BI Business Analyst - Senior . Cummins USA is where you can work on industry leading projects. Your impact will happen in these and other ways: Partners with business functions to define, determine, analyze, document and communicate the objectives, business requirements and priorities for information systems and solutions; works with application and technical experts on the solution design, implementation, support, maintenance and enhancement of the information systems. Leads the effort, working with the business, to define and document what constitutes business success for medium to large size initiatives within a single organization. Elicits, analyzes, and documents functional requirements across the five aspects (process, information, event, socio-political, and location), as appropriate for the large initiative. May either lead or work as part of a team to gather requirements. Elicits, analyzes, and documents non-functional business requirements Leads or conducts requirements management activities, as necessary, ensuring that the impact of changes are well understood and approved by the appropriate stakeholders within the organization. Leads or conducts solution assessment and validation to ensure that functional and technical specifications meet the identified business needs within the organization Reviews test plans and testing methodology to mitigate risks and participates in testing the solution to ensure the solution meets functional and non- functional requirements within the organization Conducts problem analysis as needed. Escalates complex issues for additional analysis and resolution as appropriate. Acts as a point of escalation for moderate to difficult problems. Develops positive relationships with both the business and other functions involved in downstream technical processes May coach and mentor less experienced business analysts Qualifications Skills Facilitation - Basic ability to pull a broad mix of people and related skill bases together for a common purpose and goal. It will often involve ability to influence because people on your team will very rarely report directly to you as a leader. Group dynamic techniques to have an individual or group work through a challenging issue, probe for issues/concerns and drive to consensus. Modeling - The ability to represent information following a defined standard, using a combination of graphical and textual elements. The ability to choose the correct type of model for a particular set of information, depending on the type of information to be communicated as well as the audience who will consume the information. Requirements Analysis - The ability to understand requirements and trace them back to business goals/objectives. The ability to identify the relationships and interdependencies between requirements. The ability to prioritize requirements based on their relative value, risk, difficulty of implementation, urgency, likelihood of success, regulatory compliance, or other factors. Requirements Elicitation - The ability to discover and document requirements from stakeholders using a variety of different methods. The ability to select the appropriate technique(s) for a given situation, depending on the business domain, deliverables needed, time allocated, and the risk involved in the effort. Solution Assessment & Validation - The ability to understand and assess proposed solutions in order to determine how closely they meet requirements and if they will deliver the desired business outcomes. The ability to understand the organization, and its readiness, to determine what is necessary to transition to the solution. Solution Definition - The ability to articulate what constitutes business success for a given initiative. Necessary elements in the definition include outlining the business reason the initiative is being undertaken, guidelines that are in operation for the initiative, the domain of the solution, and any important context surrounding the effort (for example risks, constraints, assumptions, etc.). Organizational Awareness - Understands and works in line with the organization’s mission, operations, structure, and goals; understands informal structures and processes of the organization; understands organization-level implications of his or her day-to-day decisions. Relationship Management - Creates relationships with new acquaintances quickly and confidently; works to build trust and partner with stakeholders; successfully manages both internal and external relationships (e.g., vendor relationships); is comfortable in a challenger role that, at times, requires building constructive tension in interactions. Education, Licenses, Certifications College, university, or equivalent degree in Information Technology, Business or a related subject required. Experience Intermediate level of relevant work experience required. 3-5 years of experience. Responsible for Manufacturing and Supply Chain BI needs within Power Systems. Good functional business understanding in one or more of the following functions: Supply Chain, Manufacturing, Finance, Quality, Engineering/New Product Development. At least 1 year hands-on working experience with Microsoft Power BI to include experience creating visuals, and building dashboards and customizations to meet the needs of the end-user (or equivalent experience in similar tools). Expertise in building data visualization with a strong understanding of the appropriate chart types to use to highlight patterns in the data for unstructured and structured data sets. Experience in data modeling, analysis, design, testing, development and implementation. Understanding of the benefits of data warehousing, data architecture, data quality processes, data warehousing design and implementation, table structure, fact and dimension tables, logical and physical database design, data modeling, reporting process metadata, and ETL processes. Experience in Agile project development methodologies is preferred (CAFE, SAFe, SCRUM, Kanban, etc). Compensation and Benefits Base salary rate commensurate with experience. Additional benefits vary between locations and include options such as our 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan, Cash Balance Pension Plan, Medical/Dental/Life Insurance, Health Savings Account, Domestic Partners Coverage and a full complement of personal and professional benefits. Cummins and E-verify At Cummins, we are an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer dedicated to diversity in the workplace. Our policy is to provide equal employment opportunities to all qualified persons without regard to race, gender, color, disability, national origin, age, religion, union affiliation, sexual orientation, veteran status, citizenship, gender identity and/or expression, or other status protected by law. Cummins validates right to work using E-Verify. Cummins will provide the Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), with information from each new employee’s Form I-9 to confirm work authorization. Ready to think beyond your desk? Apply for this opportunity to start your career with Cummins today. careers.cummins.com Not ready to apply but want to learn more? Join our Talent Community to get the inside track on great jobs and confidentially connect to our recruiting team: http://connect.find.ly/cummins Job SYSTEMS/INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY Primary Location United States-Minnesota-Minneapolis-US, MN, Shoreview, CPG Headquarters Victoria St Job Type Experienced - Professional / Office Recruitment Job Type Professional - Experienced Job Posting Aug 6, 2018, 5:02:24 PM Unposting Date Ongoing