EverlyWell provides direct-to-consumer home health tests with easy-to-read and actionable results. We are at the forefront of personalized health, transforming the $25B lab testing industry. We’re here to empower people to take control of their health by making lab testing easy to access, understand, and afford. We’re hiring a Head of Data to help us build the technology, culture, and discipline we need to scale and delight our customers. At EverlyWell, you’ll help us design and implement a 3-step plan. First, we need to build a data pipeline and data lake schema to make reporting and analytics simple for analysts and decision-makers across the company. Next, we need descriptive and predictive models that give us deeper insight into key business questions, and ultimately we’ll build data products that directly deliver value. This is a key position on our Leadership team, reporting directly to the CEO. Initially, we expect you to roll up your sleeves to help us meet immediate needs centered around understanding our consumers. As you develop a deeper understanding of our opportunities, needs, and culture, we will look to you to help hire and develop a world-class team of data scientists and engineers. We collaborate, innovate, believe office politics hinder success, and are results-oriented. If you’re able to visualize the opportunity and the impact you might make here, let’s talk! As the Head of Data at EverlyWell, you’ll… Help craft the strategic vision for data monetization throughout the internal decision making process AND external to the organization Ensure access to clean and usable data for decision makers across the company Help us instill a culture that relies only on accurate, relevant, and real-time data Build production grade models on large-scale data sets Optimize and implement our data pipeline Hire and mentor a team Represent the data-related opportunities and needs to the company Utilize complex mathematical models and statistical methods to inform company strategy For the Head of Data, we’re looking for… Master’s degree or higher in CS, applied statistics, economics, math 10+ years management consulting or tech A balance of economic, big picture thinking, with proven ability to drive results Superb communication skills. You have to be able to explain your approach and the potential impact of your work to non-technical stakeholders in a way that resonates Strong analytical skills Innate curiosity Experience designing and building data engineering projects and ETL workflows We love working here because… Venture backed by top-tier firms The opportunity ahead knows no bounds Open vacation policy Employee discounts Paid parental leave Health benefits 401(k) EverlyWell is committed to providing equal employment opportunities in all employment practices. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, citizenship status, marital status, age, disability, protected veteran status, sexual orientation or any other characteristic protected by law. HIPAA Disclaimer: This role will be in an environment that has access to protected health information (PHI) and all security standards to protect PHI must be followed.