headfarmer – Excellent in our field. Headfarmer is a boutique recruiting firm specializing in the permanent and contract placement of the upper echelon of talent in the greater Phoenix area. We offer a unique process of "headfarming" which provides a level of professional support to both candidates and clients that exceeds recruiting industry standards. Headfarmer is looking for Full Stack Engineers for our client who is re- engineering their SaaS platform. They are a small, collaborative team where big players can make a big mark. They are building a highly-scalable, modular platform with an event-driven, container-based, microservices architecture in AWS. This is a unique opportunity to make a meaningful and lasting impact on our product, and have the creative freedom to shape the foundation of our solutions for the years to come. Job Description: The Full Stack Engineers will work across the full stack and are committed to optimizing the experience for our users. They will have input into the whole process of the company from business decisions to where our tech stack is going. You will be involved in all levels of the solutions we produce. What you will be doing: Design and develop innovative, efficient, and elegant features for our industry-leading SaaS application. Architect solutions designed to scale. Research technologies/designs, perform tradeoff analysis, recommend solutions, and build those solutions. Develop the overall architecture and implementation of web frameworks, front and back end interfaces, APIs, etc. in conjunction with your team members. Perform integration between the frontend and backend. Translate UX/UI design wireframes into code for visual elements of the application; participate in UX/UI design process as needed. Implement a robust set of containerized services; create RESTful and GraphQL APIs. Assist with the debugging, deployment, operation, and maintenance of existing and new code in stage and production environments. Review code / merge requests, lead code review sessions, give insightful recommendations, and maintain exemplary code standards. Build reusable code and libraries leverageable across the company and by your teammates. Optimize frameworks for speed, scalability, and flexibility. Implement solutions using standard security and data privacy protection methods. Collaborate with the DevOps team to manage usage of cloud environments, including database administration and scaling applications to support load changes. Understand the fundamentals of cloud design principles behind a scalable applications. Create database schemas that represent and support common business processes. Develop data migration, transformation, and scripting code. What you should have: Extensive Python 3 experience including deep knowledge of Django and the Django Rest Framework. Experience with SOA and microservices concepts, Web/RESTful Services, messages queues, caching, and Event-Driven Architecture. Strong proficiency in Javascript, the DOM and its manipulation. Mastery of React.js and its principles. Familiarity with the Flux Design Pattern, specifically Redux. Familiarity with functional paradigms and tools in the React.js ecosystem including the creation of stateless components and the use of libraries like Ramda (or Lodash, or Underscore). Familiarity with newer specifications of EcmaScript. Familiarity with CSS preprocessors like Sass or LESS. Experience with front-end development tools including NPM, Webpack, and Babel. Experience with modern virtualization/containerization technologies (e.g. Docker). Experience using testing frameworks (unit, integration, functional). Experience with SQL (e.g. Postgres databases). Minimum: Bachelor’s degree in science, technology, engineering, or math; or commensurate work experience. Preferred AWS Developer certification; coursework in React.js, redux, Node.js, javascript, python, or django. At least 5 years in a full stack development role as part of an agile product development function. At least 5 years working with Kanban or Scrum-centered methodology and tools (e.g., JIRA). If your resume and qualifications meet this job description, please don’t hesitate to contact Headfarmer and reference job 2405. Someone will be in touch with you soon if we feel there is an appropriate match. Voted a Best Place To Work by the Phoenix Business Journal for 2017… We’re waiting for you on the Farm.