Provides leadership for assigned Branch; ensures delivery of quality services; manages operations efficiently and effectively to achieve service and profitability objectives. Initiates the acquisition and integration of new business. Coordinates and directs new client transitions. Implements client satisfaction drivers. Coaches, trains, and develops field managers and supervisors. Promotes client and employee retention initiatives. Distinguishing Characteristics : Full profit & loss responsibility for a Security Branch operation. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS The functions listed describe the business purpose of this job. Specific duties or tasks may vary and be documented separately. The employee might not be required to perform all functions listed. Additional duties may be assigned, and functions may be modified, according to business necessity. All assigned duties or tasks are deemed to be part of the essential functions, unless such duties or tasks are unrelated to the functions listed, in which case they are deemed to be other (non-essential) functions. Employees are held accountable for successful job performance. Job performance standards may be documented separately, and may include functions, objectives, duties or tasks not specifically listed herein. In performing functions, duties or tasks, employees are required to know and follow safe work practices, and to be aware of company policies and procedures related to job safety, including safety rules and regulations. Employees are required to notify superiors upon becoming aware of unsafe working conditions. All functions, duties or tasks are to be carried out in an honest, ethical and professional manner, and to be performed in conformance with applicable company policies and procedures. In the event of uncertainty or lack of knowledge of company policies and procedures, employees are required to request clarification or explanations from superiors or authorized company representatives. Ensures the delivery of high quality customer service through regular contact with clients; evaluates service quality and initiates corrective action as necessary. Analyzes operational and financial indicators to continuously improve Branch performance; ensures profitable operations with full profit and loss accountability. Meets regularly with client representatives for status updates and addresses any actual or potential problems; negotiates client contracts; supports client start-ups; carries out security planning, assessments and surveys; reviews and updates post orders. Recruits, selects, orients, trains, and develops high caliber staff in collaboration with Area management; plans, assigns, and directs work; coaches employees to enhance skills; carries out disciplinary actions as necessary. Develops and administers Branch budget in collaboration with Area management. Maintains a positive, professional environment in full compliance with applicable laws, regulations, policies and procedures; acts to ensure that staff members understand and comply with applicable laws, regulations, policies and procedures. Authorizes appropriate expenditures including equipment, supplies, and vehicles; ensures vehicles are properly maintained and administers driver training; ensures adequate inventory of uniforms, radios, etc.; maintains and submits payroll records and other required information. Ensures scheduling is handled effectively to meet client requirements while controlling labor costs; reviews site reports to ensure post orders and client directions have been followed. Provides input to company, Region and Area initiatives; promptly assists in the resolution of legal, financial, human resources, and administrative issues. Performs additional functions, duties and specific tasks of a similar nature and scope as necessary in order to achieve assigned business objectives. Minimum Requirements Education/Experience: Associate’s degree and 3 or more years of experience in a field related to the security industry and/or business management, and responsible experience in the security industry, or an equivalent combination of education and experience sufficient to perform the essential functions of the job, as determined by the company. Additional relevant experience can be substituted for the required education on the basis of one calendar year of experience for one academic year of education. Competencies (as demonstrated through experience, training, and/or testing): Knowledge of security operations. Knowledge of business operations management and human resources administration. Use of personal computer and spreadsheet software. Ability to synthesize business/financial data and develop solutions. Planning, organizing and leadership skills. Oral and written communications skills. Strong customer service and service delivery orientation. Ability to interact effectively at various social levels and across diverse cultures. Ability to be an effective leader and member of teams. Ability to take initiative and achieve results. WORKING CONDITIONS (Physical/Mental Demands) With or without reasonable accommodation, requires the physical and mental capacity to perform effectively all essential functions. In addition to other demands, the demands of the job include: Maintaining composure in dealing with authorities, executives, clients, staff, media and the public, occasionally under conditions of urgency and in pressure situations. Must undergo and meet company standards for background and reference checks, controlled substance testing, and behavioral selection survey. Ability to handle multiple tasks concurrently. Handling and being exposed to sensitive and confidential information. Regular use of vehicle required in the performance of duties. Regular talking and hearing. Frequent lifting and/or moving up to 10 pounds and occasional lifting and/or moving up to 25 pounds. Occasional walking, reaching with hands and arms, stooping, kneeling, crouching and crawling in the performance of site surveys. Close vision, distance vision, and ability to adjust focus. Frequent travel to client sites for oral presentations, group meetings, and site surveys. Directing, motivating, training, coaching, and disciplining staff in a positive manner. Reading and analyzing reports and financial data, including related computer usage. Responding on an on-call basis to emergencies and incidents at all hours.