IDC is the most respected global technology market research firm operating in over 110 countries worldwide. Our collaborative, innovative and entrepreneurial culture is the perfect place for you to discover your future. IDC is seeking an energetic Research Director in the Artificial Intelligence (AI) space to join its analytics and information management market research and advisory group. The Research Director will be responsible for leading IDC's Artificial Intelligence Strategies market research service. AI is a major marker research area of demand for IDC and customer interest in it has created an opportunity to add a senior member to the team. Responsibilities This is a public role with many client-facing and industry-facing responsibilities, but with primary responsibility for producing the research product and providing advisory services. The Research Director is responsible for building the reputation and the revenues of the service within their domain and is heavily involved in consulting and custom research. Additional responsibilities include: Managing the Artificial Intelligence research agenda, conducting primary and secondary market research, writing research reports Presenting at client and industry events Helping with marketing activities to raise industry visibility in the AI space Supporting sales by conducting business development Acting effectively as a client advisor to both technology suppliers and technology buyers Successful candidates will have prior experience or knowledge of the application of AI and/or Analytics solutions and associated resource investment and business value quantification. A diverse industry background is preferred The candidate must demonstrate thought leadership in this space and be able to communicate the importance of new ideas and trends to clients' senior management. Qualifications 10+ years of related work experience with similar areas and levels of responsibility in the information, consulting, or technology industries. 5-10 years of previous market research and/or advisory experience, including experience in primary and secondary research methodologies and data analysis. Excellent interpersonal skills for supporting client inquiry and internal collaboration with other IDC AI software services and infrastructure analysts Strong, demonstrated verbal (including public speaking) skills Strong, demonstrated written communication skills, including writing of reports, presentation, or other documents that are actionable and relevant for the target audience Proficiency in Microsoft suite of products is a must. Advanced skills in Excel required; knowledge of analytic tools for social sciences market research preferred. Ability to travel (<25%) will be required on an as needed basis BA/BS (analytic orientation preferred); MBA and/or advanced degree (attractive) Given IDC's global customer base, experience with or in international work environments is helpful. Demonstrated ability in working under pressure with competing deadlines Ability and interest in collaborating in a global environment Sound judgment, planning, project management and organization skills Ability to interpret financial statements About IDC: International Data Corporation (IDC) is the premier global provider of market intelligence, advisory services, and events for the information technology, telecommunications and consumer technology markets. IDC helps IT professionals, business executives, and the investment community make fact-based decisions on technology purchases and business strategy. More than 1,100 IDC analysts provide global, regional, and local expertise on technology and industry opportunities and trends in over 110 countries worldwide. For 50 years, IDC has provided strategic insights to help our clients achieve their key business objectives. IDC is a subsidiary of IDG, the world's leading technology media, research, and events company. _IDC is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Applicants and employees are considered for positions and are evaluated without regard to mental or physical disability, handicap, race, color, religion, gender, gender identity and expression, ancestry, national origin, age, genetic information, military or veteran status, sexual orientation, marital status or other categories protected by law._