Job Description: Not All Clouds Are Created Equal. With over 14,000 miles of lit fiber and eight fully owned and operated data centers US Signal offers one of the largest, fully deployed networks in the Midwest. Choose from a full suite of Cloud Hosting, Colocation, Security and Network Services. All of our infrastructure equipment is housed in private cages and monitored 24/7/365 by our advanced TOC. We are seeking a _Solution Architect_ to join our team in Detroit, Michigan. This key team member will be responsible for providing technical pre-sales support to the US Signal sales team for the assigned territory. This position reports to the Director of Solution Architecture and takes direction from the Executive Vice President of Sales as well. Functions/Responsibilities: Provide technical sales support during sales meetings with customers as well as meetings with the internal US Signal team. Design and present US Signal solutions including Cloud IaaS, Network and Managed Security to various sales teams. This will occasionally require working with the local SE in a solution architect capacity to help them design appropriate solutions based on the USS services. Lead the technical discussions in customer meetings across multiple levels and disciplines to identify business and technical needs, issues and priorities. Strong focus on understanding customer and partner challenges, and how they can utilize US Signal services to support their business. Formulate responses to customer questions concerning US Signal product offerings. Design technical solutions involving new technologies such as virtualization, data center technologies. Aid in offering industry expertise and strategic thinking to leadership where it could help drive revenue in the field. Conduct training for partners, agents and customers on US Signal products and services. Partner with internal US Signal departments to offer the best possible customer experience. Other projects as assigned by US Signal Management. Required Experience: Competencies : Strong knowledge of Managed Data Center Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) and Virtualization technologies. Considerable expertise in Computer Systems Specifications, Data Security, Disaster Recovery Planning, Firewall Systems, IP and Ethernet Wide Area Networks. Thorough understanding of WAN Technologies including Carrier/Metro Ethernet, MPLS Layer 3 VPN, Internet access and Private Line services. Ability to communicate how solution will incorporate into the customer network. General knowledge of SONET services and Dense Wave Division Multiplexing. Excellent communication and organization skills. Ability and willingness to travel throughout sales territory which may include overnight travel. High level of analytical ability and strong attention to detail and accuracy. Ability to multi-task in a fast-paced environment while supporting more than one US Signal Sales Representative. Ability and willingness to work well with all areas of the US Signal organization as well as external customers and vendors. Experience : Five years experience in managed services sales support. Previous data networking experience is required. Technical experience in a data center, ISP, or telecom environment is desired. Experience in Microsoft Windows and Office, including Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Visio. Working Conditions and Physical Demands : This position operates in a variety of environments. The majority of the time is spent in a professional office environment and this role routinely uses standard office equipment. We offer a competitive compensation and benefits package including a 401k plan with a match. If you are looking to be part of a dynamic team, please apply now. Equal Opportunity Employer Keyword: Cloud Solution Architect From: US Signal Company LLC