Description We’re looking for four applicants to join the inaugural class of labcamp, a three-year paid program where we’ll mentor the next generation of producers. Producers at thelab own client relationships and projects from start to finish. This program will train you in the variety of skills required for the role, such as project management, client services, and more. From print, digital, and video to creative and web development, you’ll become well-versed in all our departments and disciplines, helping to unite our diverse staff, represent our company, and execute world-class work. Successful applicants will be hard-working, driven people with a positive attitude who are looking to break into the industry. Salary Salary milestones are transparent and the same for all participants, so you’ll know what you’ll be making each year of the program. Details will be provided upon invitation to the interview process. Objective This program will immerse you in all of thelab’s departments and capabilities, providing you with a comprehensive understanding of how a creative production agency functions. The first year of the program will expose you to a wide variety of clients, mediums, and workflows. After year one, we’ll begin to transition you into the department or account that you’ve shown strength in. How it Works You and three peers will start this hands-on entry-level development program at the same time. A 3-year commitment is required. During your first year, you’ll spend three months with each of the four main departments of our agency. At the end of each period, there will be formal reviews and feedback sessions with the project sponsors. At the end of each period, you’ll present your learnings with your peers and the program leads. After year one, you’ll be assigned to a single department or account, based on what you’ve shown a propensity toward and the company’s needs. You’ll Be/Have An interest in advertising, project management, developing client relationships, and all things digital Organized with excellent attention to detail Strong communication skills, including written, verbal, and an empathetic disposition A team player who is also willing to go above and beyond when necessary Excited by new challenges and opportunities to learn Interested in learning and mastering new software Take ownership of your work and always strive to improve A self starter who isn’t afraid to research a problem yourself and ask questions A recent college grad or someone who is looking for a career change Ego free Cover letter explaining your interest in the role. We want to understand who you are and why your personality will be a good fit for the company. About thelab We’re an agency of makers with deep expertise in solving creative, production and technology challenges. Our focus is on making better work to help brands work better, and our production roots ensure that every great idea gets delivered right. From branding & design, photoshoots and video production, ecommerce builds or anything in between, thelab mixes inspiration and hard work to produce results that mean business. Oh, and we host a mean barbecue too.