Job Description IBM Global Business Services (GBS) is a team of business, strategy and technology consultants enabling enterprises to make smarter decisions and providing unparalleled client and consumer experiences in cognitive, data analytics, cloud technology and mobile app development. With global reach, outcome-focused methodologies and deep industry expertise, IBM GBS empowers clients to digitally reinvent their business and get the competitive edge in the cognitive era in over 170 countries. Bottom line? We outthink ordinary. Discover what you can do at IBM. The EIA Solution Architect will design solutions to integrate EIA with customer data to tackle analytical requirements. The applicant will assist with the deployment and configuration of IBM’s EIA solution as a part of the overall implementation for the client. The system builds on the platform of existing IBM data analytics technology (for example, IBM Identity Insight) and has introduced a new wave of state of the art functionality (IBM EIA) that integrate and improve the overall analytical capabilities that made available to front line analysts, investigators and detectives. Benefits Health Insurance. Paid time off. Corporate Holidays. Sick leave. Family planning. Financial Guidance. Competitive 401K. Training and Learning. We continue to expand our benefits and programs, offering some of the best support, guidance and coverage for a diverse employee population. http://www-01.ibm.com/employment/us/benefits/ https://www-03.ibm.com/press/us/en/pressrelease/50744.wss Career growth Our goal is to be essential to the world, which starts with our people. Company wide we kicked off an internal talent strategy program called Go Organic. At our core, we are committed to believing and investing in our workforce through: Skill development: helping our employees grow their foundational skills Finding the dream job at IBM: navigating our company with the potential for many careers by channeling an employee’s strengths and career aspirations Diversity of people: Diversity of thought driving collective innovation In 2015, Go Organic filled approximately 50% of our open positions with internal talent that were promoted into the role. Corporate citizenship With an employee population of 375,000 in over 170 countries, amazingly we connect, collaborate, and care. IBMers drive a corporate culture of shared responsibility. We love grand challenges and everyday improvements for our company and for the world. We care about each other, our clients, and the communities we live, work, and play in! http://www.ibm.com/ibm/responsibility/initiatives.html http://www.ibm.com/ibm/responsibility/ (2252) pshj Required Technical and Professional Expertise Previous demonstrable experience on large scale applications and solutions in complex and challenging technical environments and infrastructures. Understanding and expertise of integration architectures (REST, ETL, Application orchestration techniques), structured and unstructured data architectures and workflow technologies. Demonstrable success and involvement in software design and implementation of enterprise level deployments using relevant technologies such as: Java, REST, HTML/JS, RDBMS, Text Indexing and their industry leading frameworks. - Understanding of Enterprise architecture (EA) frameworks (Zachman, TOGAF, etc.), patterns and practises with the ability to present at an executive stakeholder level. Design solution architectures to enable data fusion. Understand customer requirements and translate for a development team Lead development team. Preferred Tech and Prof Experience EIA/i2 solution experience. DB2/PDOA experience. Informatica experience. Palantir experience. Data Fusion experience in the Intel/Investigative area. EO Statement IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.