Take Yahoo and AOL, fuse them and you get a media and technology company operating at massive global scale. It takes powerful technology to connect our combined media brands and partners with an audience of 1 billion. Nearly half of Oath’s employees are building the code and platforms that help us achieve that. And we’re only getting bigger. Whether you’re looking to write mobile app code, engineer the servers behind our massive ad tech stacks, or develop algorithms to help us process 4 trillion data points a day, what you do here will have a huge impact on our business—and the world. Want in? Verizon Digital Media Services brings together world-class technology to prepare, deliver and display content – so users can watch and enjoy on their terms. The purpose of our platform is simple. It delivers next-generation digital experiences for today’s demanding users, whether it be their favorite TV shows, catching up with friends via social media or shopping for the latest gadgets. Built on top of one of the world’s largest networks, our platform easily handles your users’ appetite for instant, secure and always-on media, anytime, anywhere. Verizon Digital Media Services is looking for an experienced Sr Solutions Architect. The successful candidate will bring extensive industry experience and serve as the primary architect for our cloud and hardware based infrastructure. The position requires expert experience in AWS products, services and tooling. This person must have the ability to work in high pressure operations environment. Responsibilities Work with both internal and external customers on new and current cloud related projects. The cloud Architect is the teams SME for all infrastructure related designs. Responsibilities include but not limited to: Create, review and sign off on all design changes. Through research , development and testing, seek to increase infrastructure reliability and lower costs. Serve as teams lead researcher. Work with Cloud enablement and cloud community to ensure AWS infrastructure is aligned with Oath design and engineering practices. Create and approve detailed designs Maintains infrastructure documentation. M aintain Teams Development infrastructure (AWS Dev account) Create Business costs and timelines on infrastructure designs (rebuilds and new). Ensure Infrastructure reliability by defining maintenance and software update plans and schedules. Maintain code base that supports the automation of Instance creation and adheres to VDMS/Oath business standards. Demonstrate mastery of tools to analyze customer issues to help diagnose delivery and performance issues. Maintain documentation of infrastructure design and operation. Sign off on newly introduced infrastructure before operationalized Work with internal teams to validate all solutions related to configuration, traffic, or security. Play a key role in the Design and QA process. Reactive Sr Level Support: Respond to operations escalations on (break/fix, pagerduty) Lead and Support troubleshooting efforts relating to UpLynk customer incidents and security issues. You will be responsible for making crucial remediation and implementation decisions to ensure service reliability. Delve into the logs and create analysis reports of UpLynk and cloud infrastructure related health. Mentor and teach tech cloud engineers on troubleshooting techniques, traffic analysis, and utilization of new tools and features developed by the engineering teams. Soft Skills: Have the confidence and authority to lead internal cross department teams to solve customer issues. Manage incident escalations and triage with internal teams. Minimum Qualifications Expert level knowledge (AWS Certification Solutions Architect Associate or above) of AWS architecture: EC2, Lambda, S3, DynamoDB, cloudFormation, Route53, CodePipeline, cloudwatch etc. Deep knowledge of monitoring, analytics and reporting tools. Candidate should be able to deploy and setup monitoring solutions and also use these systems to identify, assess and solve infrastructure issues. Excellent presentation and communication skills (written and verbal) Candidates should possess a minimum of 5 years of experience in several of these technical areas and familiarity with most. Demonstrated expertise in Cloud and System technologies: EC2 Lamda Cloudwatch S3 Scripting: Python Shell Scripting API utilization Preferred Qualifications Expert level knowledge (AWS Certification Solutions Architect Professional) of AWS architecture: EC2, Lambda, S3, DynamoDB, cloudFormation, Route53, CodePipeline, cloudwatch, etc. Security Practices: Ensure Security groups and NACL's are designed and implemented to provide the best level of security for the environments. Schedule and respond to any security scans required by the paranoids. Maintain and safeguard Operations security keys. Maintain documentation of security design and operation. Recognized as a subject matter expert in cloud technologies. Proven success in managing relations with customers and colleagues. Ability to think creatively, self start and solve complex problems Maintains excellent interpersonal, social and communication skills. Excellent ability to direct a team, attract, retain, motivate, coach and develop team member’s for high performance. Ensure the team is trained and leads continued skills development initiatives. Oath is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to, and will not be discriminated against based on, age, race, gender, color, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, disability or any other protected category. Oath is dedicated to providing an accessible environment for all candidates during the application process and for employees during their employment. Please let us know if you need a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or participate in the application process. _Currently work for Oath? Please apply on our internal career site._