Google's brand is only as strong as our users' trust-and their steadfast belief that our guiding principles are what's best for them. Our Trust and Safety team has the critical responsibility of protecting Google's users by ensuring online safety by fighting web abuse and fraud across Google products like Search, Maps, Google Ads and AdSense. On this team, you're a big-picture thinker and strategic leader. You understand the user's point of view and are passionate about using your combined technical, sales and customer service acumen to protect our users. You work globally and cross-functionally with Google developers and Product Managers to navigate challenging online safety situations and handle abuse and fraud cases at Google speed (read: fast!). Help us prove that quality on the Internet trumps all. Our scope has two main components: Ethical Machine Learning (ML) which will address technological and ethical issues that arise from ML through strategic and operational efforts, and ML in Trust and Safety which seeks to ensure that T&S; is recognized as a leader in responsible fraud-fighting AI development and deployment As Machine Learning Specialist, you'll define and incubate ML solutions for new and emerging online safety issues with teams across Trust and Safety, inform cross-organization rollout of high-impact ML efforts and drive ML rigor in analysis. You'll also endeavor to ensure ethical, responsible and high- impact AI development and deployment in Trust and Safety (T&S;) and Google. At Google we work hard to earn our users’ trust every day. Gaining and retaining this trust is critically important to Google’s success. We defend Google's integrity by fighting spam, fraud and abuse, and develop and communicate state-of-the-art product policies. The Trust and Safety team reduces risk and protects the experience of our users and business partners in more than 40 languages and across Google's expanding base of products. We work with a variety of teams from Engineering to Legal, Public Policy and Sales Engineering to set policies and combat fraud and abuse in a scalable way, often with an eye to finding industry-wide solutions. Trust and Safety team members are motivated to find innovative solutions, and use technical know- how, user insights and proactive communication to pursue the highest possible quality and safety standards for users across Google products. Responsibilities Build cross-functional partnerships within Trust and Safety and with Google-wide stakeholders (Product, Policy, Legal, Engineering) to identify and address abuse-fighting ML opportunities and risks. Exchange information, and address emerging ML and abuse trends across T&S; and cross-functional partners, and establish yourself as a leading expert on ML for abuse fighting and emerging ML threats. Set up and execute on experimental workflows, and design processes and work with existing enforcement teams to onboard once they’ve reached a state of maturity. Conduct training on ML model evaluation and feature engineering to uplevel ML practitioners in Trust & Safety across product areas and functions. Surface insights and communicate effectively to influence and guide larger, cross-functional working groups towards appropriate solutions. Manage multiple concurrent complex interactions with geographically and organizationally disparate teams to influence cross-functionally at various levels. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Computer Science, Mathematics or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience. Experience working across organizational boundaries, and relevant experience in technical consulting. Experience with data–driven predictive model development, unstructured text mining, natural language processing, anomaly and novelty detection. Experience working with Deep Learning frameworks (eg Tensorflow). Experience in ML design and development and data mining algorithms for solving interdisciplinary problems. Preferred qualifications: PhD in Computer Science, Mathematics or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience. Knowledge of socio-technical considerations of technology and the future of AI, and ability to think creatively, develop innovative solutions, collaborate and thrive in ambiguity. Effective leadership, communication and influencing skills in the application of AI or Machine Learning. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.