What you’ll be doing... If you are curious about new technology and the possibilities it creates, then this job may be perfect for you. As part of the Information Technology team, you will work on new technologies and find ways to meet our customers’ needs and make it easy for them to do business with us on digital channels. You will use your expertise to solve complex problems and find unique solutions. The work you’ll do every single day will make people’s lives, work and play better. Our IT team is constantly making it easier for our employees to get work done and for our customers to do business with us. As a Business Analyst/ Project Manager you will assess the requirements for the Sales and Services Applications portfolio to understand system impacts, use Agile approach to manage projects of various sizes through the full software development life cycle, inception through implementation. Using your top-notch facilitation skills, you’ll work with a variety of stakeholders (clients, legal, security, and IT), designing solutions, managing expectations, mitigating risks, and delivering results. Collecting client requirements and performing analysis for medium - large size projects. Responsible for analyzing problems, developing solutions and making decisions that impact projects. Performing some technical evaluation of products. Developing and maintaining project plans. Managing execution, highlighting risks and dependencies, and resolving conflicts. Keeping project scope in check. Ensuring that the solutions as implemented meet expectations. What we’re looking for... You'll need to have: Bachelor's degree or four or more years of work experience. Four or more years of relevant work experience. Experience running projects. Experience as a Business Analyst in an applications team. Even better if you have: Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science/Information Systems. Salesforce or PEGA certification. Exposure to Agile Software Methodologies. PC literacy, including desktop applications competency (e.g., Microsoft Office, e-mail). Strong business knowledge and interpersonal skills. In-depth knowledge of information systems concepts. Strong knowledge of applicable methodologies, tools, standards, and procedures. Demonstrated decision-making and leadership abilities. Strong organizational and problem solving abilities. When you join Verizon... You’ll be doing work that matters alongside other talented people, transforming the way people, businesses and things connect with each other. Beyond powering America’s fastest and most reliable network, we’re leading the way in broadband, cloud and security solutions, Internet of Things and innovating in areas such as, video entertainment. Of course, we will offer you great pay and benefits, but we’re about more than that. Verizon is a place where you can craft your own path to greatness. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, find your future at Verizon. Equal Employment Opportunity We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer- and celebrate our employees' differences, regardless of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or Veteran status. Different makes us better.