Job Description Take the opportunity to be a part of a unique team! Measurement Operations – MeasOps is a team of specialists that work with each internal team to ensure client visions are turned into reality. From measurement planning and tag solutions to data quality and reporting, the MeasOps team is there to support. Our team is looking for a Data Quality Manager to support day-to-day task associated with taxonomy, data and technology solutions, and process improvements. They MeasOps Data Quality Manager will be responsible for implementing ways to refine processes and increase efficiencies, develop ways to maintain clean structured data sets, while working with the director towards turning marketing business vision into systems strategies and technology architecture. Major Tasks, Responsibilities and Key Accountabilities Provides direction, collaborates and implements solutions that ensure seamless integration of new processes. Collaborate with key leaders and innovation team members to effectively communicate, drive alignment and understanding, and assess the impact to current processes or utilization of technology enhancements. Leads educations and training sessions across teams Deliver on the organizational data strategy by creating and implementing data governance frameworks and measurement design documents Develop strong relationships within the organization to continually provide data capture strategy, process improvements and thought leadership to teams Constant pursuit of tools and new technologies to continuously improve our measurement capabilities in the ever changing digital ecosphere Team player able to work effectively at all levels of an organization with the ability to influence others to move forward; Opportunity seeker Serves as a role model and mentor within the Measurement Operations department and the organization at large Nature, Scope & Job Requirements Reports to Director of Measurement Operations. A team of direct leadership responsible for measurement operation analyst supports this position. Education Required Bachelor’s degree Certification in web analytics tools such as DoubleClick, SiteCatalyst, HBX, CoreMetrics, etc. desired Years of Relevant Experience 3-5 years of marketing technology experience primarily focused on digital Qualifications Ideal candidate has media agency experience, understanding of how the trafficking process works with each of the teams that touch a traffic sheet Intermediate understanding of DSP, DMPs, Display Verification and Data Layers Ability to understand concepts of data exchange between systems and articulate that functionality into system designs Strong written and verbal communication skills Proven ability to meet deadlines, while simultaneously working on multiple projects Strong managerial experience with time prioritization skills Must be a self-starter, with strong planning and organizational skills and the ability to work with minimal direction Creative problem solver with the ability to think about both practical and visionary uses of available data Expert level knowledge of DoubleClick Campaign Manager, Adobe Site Catalyst/Analytics, Tag managers (i.e. Google Tag Manager, Ensighten) Strong HTML, SQL, Python, JavaScript knowledge Proficient with big data tools such as Hadoop and Spark Expert level experience with MS Suite of applications (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Visio, etc.) Additional Information All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.