Environment The Lawrence J. Ellison Institute for Transformative Medicine of USC is a broadly multidisciplinary group of researchers (cell biologists, physical scientists, mass spectroscopists, clinicians, computational modelers) engaged in highly collaborative, translational research. Our vision is to address important clinical questions through biological and engineering innovation tightly coupled with clinically driven science. The Ellison Institute has a strong history of broadly leveraging technology to maximally enable research and patient care - large data storage, machine learning, 3D-visualization, network connected diagnostics, education, telepresence, etc. and is looking for a leader to architect and guide the institute’s technology core. Internal Title: MIS/IT Director Department: Lawrence J. Ellison Institute for Transformative Medicine of USC Location: Health Sciences Campus/Santa Monica Employment Type: Full-Time _Job Summary_ The Ellison Institute at the University of Southern California is seeking an senior level information technology director. The Institute is in the process of building out a new facility to house our program. The new IT director will be responsible for overseeing/architecting future thinking technology within the building including: data/video/telecom networks, telepresence and video distribution throughout the building, deploying appropriately scaled wired/wireless networks etc. The Institute supports clinical operations as well as basic biological research. This position will be responsible for oversight/implementation of appropriate networks, backup plans, hardware specifications and security models to support these efforts. The Institute has a history of deploying new technologies to support its mission - the new director will have an ongoing broad understanding of technology and integrate new technologies as they are appropriate. Candidates should have broad experience in enterprise scale UNIX/Mac/Windows, networking and telecom operation and management for support of the above described operations. Candidates should have strong attention to detail, be highly professional, focused on quality, customer service oriented, and have forward thinking vision for how technology can be deployed to facilitate education, research and clinical operations. Candidate will have excellent in- person support demeanor for users of all skill levels. Candidate will be comfortable managing systems and network administrators as user support staff. Candidate will be comfortable designing/implementing enterprise level IT architectures and data center solutions. Candidate will be expected to keep current with, and, to predict trends in, technology that can be deployed in the center to further the Institute’s mission. _Job Requirements_ Candidates should have a 10 years of experience in IT management and design including AV as well as data networking. The candidate should present strong written and oral communication skills. Candidate should have strong experience managing a staff of IT professionals and working with a high level customer base. Candidate should be highly regarded in their peer group and have excellent references. Preference will be given to candidates with experience working in a research environment. Other: Preferred Education: Master’s degree Preferred Experience: 10 years Preferred Field of Expertise: IT management and design including AV as well as data networking Posting Salary Range: $124,239 - $207,057 Percentage of Time: 100%