Every day at Perspecta, we enable hundreds of thousands of people to take on our nation’s most important work. We’re a company founded on a diverse set of capabilities and skills, bound together by a single promise: we never stop solving our nation’s most complex challenges. Our team of engineers, analysts, developers, investigators, integrators and architects work tirelessly to create innovative solutions. We continually push ourselves—to respond, to adapt, to go further. To look ahead to the changing landscape and develop new and innovative ways to serve our customers. Perspecta works with U.S. government customers in defense, intelligence, civilian, health care, and state and local markets. Our high-caliber employees are rewarded in many ways—not only through competitive salaries and benefits packages, but the opportunity to create a meaningful impact in jobs and on projects that matter. Perspecta’s talented and robust workforce—14,000 strong—stands ready to welcome you to the team. Let’s make an impact together. Perspecta has a for a Field Services Technician in Philadelphia, PA. Position delivers direct desk- side support to the assigned Maritime Operations Center, troubleshoots and repairs IT devices. Under general direction, applies specialized knowledge in a single discipline such as assembly/integration, cross-discipline functions, data engineering, industry expertise, knowledge engineering or legacy evolution. Stays current on emerging tools, techniques and technologies. Assists information engineers on application of specialized knowledge to coding, testing, implementation and documentation projects. Secret clearance REQUIRED Experience with Microsoft Windows OS, Active Directory, Service Manager, Remedy, Remote Desktop, and Hardware/Software troubleshooting. Basic network troubleshooting (TCP IP) Excellent customer service / customer interaction skills Exceptional communication and documentation skills for trouble-shooting and trouble ticket handling DoD 8570: Active Secret Security clearance Security + on hand on first day. NMCI experience or knowledge preferred Must be a United States citizen EEO Tagline: Perspecta is an AA/EEO Employer - Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled and other protected categories