Description Purpose: The Maritime Systems Administrator at the Massachusetts Port Authority provides full-time system administration, maintenance, repair, and support for all information systems in the Maritime Unit. Also includes researching, analyzing, designing, proposing, and delivering technology solutions that are appropriate for our Maritime business strategies. Essential Tasks of the Job Support all aspects including the daily operations of our information systems contained in the Maritime Unit. 1\. Installs, configures, maintains and support all aspects of the organization's Integrated Terminal Operating Systems (ITOS) and Crane Information Management Systems (CIMS). 2\. Assists with the management of the client workstations, tablets, printers, mobile computers and any devices associated with these systems. 3\. Assists with the management of the organization's Virtualized Server Infrastructure supporting these systems. 4\. Assists with the management of the organizations MS SQL database systems supporting these systems. 5\. Administers security and access rights, monitors processing, and user profiles of assigned information systems. 6\. Monitors daily error and security logs of assigned IT Systems and responds appropriately. 7\. Reports and makes recommendations to the Manager of Maritime Systems. 8\. Creates, verifies, and/or maintains documentation of assigned information systems. Ensures the integrity and reliability of each system's hardware, software and storage components. 1\. Applies Operating System and application patches and upgrades on a regular basis. 2\. Performs daily backup operations, ensuring all required file systems and system data are successfully backed up to the appropriate media, recovery tapes or disks are created, and media is recycled and sent off site as necessary 3\. Ensures that all hardware-operating conditions are acceptable, as determined by the manufacturers, including power requirements and environment conditions. 4\. Performs daily system monitoring, verifying the integrity and availability of all hardware, server resources, systems and key processes, reviewing system and application logs, and verifying completion of scheduled jobs such as backups. 5\. Ensures that system up time is at least 99.99%. SECONDARY JOB TASKS Completes projects as assigned. Acts as a point of contact for any Massport authorized employees or consultants working on the computer network or on any aspect of a system. Makes recommendations regarding the appropriateness of potential applications. Monitors the use of third party licensing usage. Serves in an advisory capacity on projects for developing or updating applications. Provides system usage statistics and metrics as needed. Performs other tasks as necessary. Job Requirements and Qualifications EDUCATION: A Bachelor's Degree in computer science or a related field or equivalent professional experience required. EXPERIENCE: 3-5 years of system administration experience required. UNIQUE EXPERTISE/CERTIFICATION/REGISTRATIONS: 1\. Strong communication skills, analytical ability, judgment and the ability to work effectively with other systems technical staff, internal business customers, and external consultants and vendors 2\. Experience installing and working with Windows Server 2008, 2012, 2016 3\. Experience in maintaining Microsoft AD, DNS, DHCP and Group Policy 4\. Experience in VMware server and desktop virtualization platforms 5\. Strong customer service skills to troubleshoot users, both in person and remotely Supplemental Information WORK SCHEDULE: Ability to work a 37.5 hour workweek. Ability to carry and respond to a pager 7 days per week, 24 hours per day.