Overview MOTIVATED…..make IT happen! About Us: Sentinel delivers solutions that can efficiently address a range of IT needs – from communications, to data center, to cloud and managed services, which includes our staffing solutions. Since 1982, Sentinel has grown from providing technology maintenance services to our current standing as one of the leading IT services and solutions provider in the US. We have aligned with many of today’s global technology leaders including Cisco, Microsoft, Vmware, Dell/EMC, and NetApp. Sentinel services customers both nationally and internationally with primary support operating centers in Chicago, Downers Grove (HQ), and Springfield, IL; Phoenix, AZ.; Ann Arbor, Lansing, and Grand Rapids, MI; Milwaukee, WI; Denver, CO; Atlanta, GA. If you are MOTIVATED… you can make IT happen at Sentinel. Our commitment to our employees is to create a work environment that encourages creativity, an entrepreneurial spirit, fosters growth through certification and hands-on training, values a team-oriented culture and rewards based on impact! If you are Motivated you can join our team and make IT happen! Learn more at www.sentinel.com/careers. Responsibilities The Solutions Architect is responsible for participating in pre-sales calls or meetings to define client issues and business/IT requirements, identify and define technology solutions, prepare statements of work, Visio diagrams, and presentation documentation to articulate solutions and facilitate buy-in from all stakeholders. This is a Full-time opportunity located in Tempe, AZ. Qualifications 1-3 years of hands on experience working with Cisco Networking equipment Demonstrate ability to define client needs and explain technical concepts Ability to develop solutions to present to customers with measurable business value Cisco Certifications preferred but not required (CCNA, CCDA, CCNP) Cisco VOIP and/or UCS server experience a plus The candidate must have a car, as this position requires travel between location and the transportation of equipment A valid driver’s license and proof of vehicle insurance will be required Legally authorized to work in the US without sponsorship Must be currently working in a similar position Must demonstrate a “can-do” attitude We focus on candidates that display our “ACE” factor – Attitude, Compassion, and Enthusiasm to deliver quality solutions with exceptional customer service. What you get: We offer an energetic work environment with many corporate culture amenities, competitive salary, and rich benefit plan including: Medical, Dental, Vision, 401K, 529, Life Insurance, Income Protection Short and Long-Term Disability, Medical and Child/Elder Care, Flexible Spending Account Plans, Employee Assistance Program, Two weeks vacation, additional paid time-off for Personal and Sick, certification and hands-on training, and discounts for local event entertainment and health clubs. As part of Sentinel's employment process, candidates will be required to complete a background check. Only those who meet the minimum requirements will be contacted. No phone calls please. Sentinel is proud to be an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer committed to a diverse and inclusive work environment. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, marital status, genetics, disability, pregnancy, veteran status or any other basis protected by law. If you are an individual with a disability and need assistance in applying for a position, please contact SentinelHR@sentinel.com.