Introduction Data has become a cornerstone of innovation in today’s society. At Edgenuity, we believe in the importance of data to drive student success. As a Senior Data Engineer at Edgenuity, you would be responsible for enabling students to succeed by unlocking the potential of their data. Company Description Imagine a world where all K-12 children have an equal opportunity to acquire an excellent education. That's the Edgenuity mission. Founded in 1998, today Edgenuity partners with schools in all 50 states to provide award-winning curriculum to millions of students across 3500 school districts, and we’re growing! As the leading provider of digital curriculum and instructional services, Edgenuity empowers students, educators and school districts to achieve success in a variety of online and blended learning models. A Day in the Life as a Data Engineer As a Senior Data Engineer, you have a passion for the value and capability of data and information. You have a keen eye for the possibilities of data for our students and teachers. You’re comfortable working in a fast paced, agile, team environment where you work with product engineers to take data from the production systems and formulate that information into events or move them to a warehouse or lake. From there, you need to be a master at managing, organizing, and querying that data so that Edgenuity students, teachers, and staff can use it to make key decisions. Some of the work you do will be directly fed back to users in reports, some will make smart decisions about how to optimize our student’s day-to- day experience, and some will guide our product into the next generation. You will be working on a relatively new data team, which means you will have a strong say in the direction and design of the data systems and will be expected to push the envelope. Qualifications At least 8 years of experience in a hands-on, data centric role with data engineering, architecture, streaming, or warehousing. Comfortable working in an agile and/or lean development environment. Hands-on background with both relational and noSQL databases such as MS SQL or MongoDB. Experience with modern data pipelines, data streaming, and real time analytics using tools such as Apache Kafka, AWS kinesis, Spark Streaming, ElasticSearch, or similar tools. Strong programming abilities with Java, Pig, Python, or other similar languages. Experience with big data tools such as Hadoop or Hive, as well as knowledge of more traditional warehouses. A strong ability to understand and organize data from various sources. Knowledge of machine learning tools and concepts a plus. Compensation We offer a very competitive salary and excellent benefits choices, including 10 health, 6 dental, and 4 vision plans to choose from and a variety of ancillary benefits. We contribute to an employee’s HSA account and 401(k), and provide at no cost to employees life insurance, short-term disability, and long-term disability. But even more importantly, we’re a great place to work!