Quality Improvement Analyst Job Number: 343060 Category: Professional & Executive Location: 5323 Harry Hines Blvd, Dallas, TX Department: 844610 - Performance Improv Full/Part Time/PRN: Day Job Regular/Temporary: Regular Schedule: Full-time Security This position is security-sensitive and subject to Texas Education Code 51.215, which authorizes UT Southwestern to obtain criminal history record information Salary Salary Negotiable Experience and Education Bachelor's degree in a quantitative field and minimum two or more years of healthcare data analysis in an ambulatory/hospital/health insurance setting. Master's degree and previous healthcare analysis experience preferred. Knowledge and experience with relational databases and data warehousing is required. Experience in Quality Improvement methodology desired. Advanced knowledge of MS Office Pro (including MS Access) highly desired. Experience with database systems such as SQL Server, MS Access, and statistical analysis tools such as SAS, STATA, or MS Excel (advanced) required. Job Duties Based on predetermined criteria, this position may be eligible for telecommuting after six months of consecutive full time employment at UT Southwestern Medical Center with no breaks in service. 1\. Participate on multi-disciplinary teams and provide comprehensive analytical support for clinical performance improvement initiatives. 2\. Design, develop, and automate clinical quality and performance metrics. Maintain knowledge base of data requirements and measure definitions. 3\. Serve as a content expert for clinical quality measures by keeping current with national healthcare quality program guidelines. 4\. Extract, validate and summarize data from different large databases using data management and querying skills. 5\. Analyze and organize data using appropriate analytical and statistical methods to efficiently track clinical processes and outcomes. 6\. Assist in the interpretation of data to identify opportunities for improved healthcare delivery. 7\. Participate in special projects as needed. Other Duties: Performs other duties as assigned. UTSouthwestern Medical Center is committed to an educational and working environment that provides equal opportunity to all members of the University community. In accordance with federal and state law, the University prohibits unlawful discrimination, including harassment, on the basis of: race; color; religion; national origin; sex; including sexual harassment; age; disability; genetic information; citizenship status; and protected veteran status. In addition, it is UTSouthwestern policy to prohibit discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation, gender identity, or gender expression.