.Net Developer-180009821 At U.S. Bank, we're passionate about helping customers and the communities where we live and work. The fifth-largest bank in the United States, we’re one of the country's most respected, innovative and successful financial institutions. U.S. Bank is an equal opportunity employer committed to creating a diverse workforce. We consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, religion, color, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status, among other factors. At U.S. Bank, we're passionate about helping customers and the communities where we live and work. The fifth-largest bank in the United States, we’re one of the country's most respected, innovative and successful financial institutions. U.S. Bank is an equal opportunity employer committed to creating a diverse workforce. We consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, religion, color, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, disability or veteran status, among other factors. U.S. Bank is looking for a Junior .Net Developer to help build and maintain our B2B freight payment solution. U.S. Bank Freight Payment is the 2 provider of B2B freight payments and the market leader in integrating payments with bank-based financing options. Our innovative platform is the only one that provides a state of the art invoice management system fully integrated with the power and reliability of a major national bank. This powerful cloud-based solution automates invoice processing, improves freight audit and payment, extends working capital benefits, and provides unmatched visibility to global cost and performance data. It is an entirely custom built solution offering amazing efficiency and cost savings to our customers. Join our team as we continue to build out this market leading payments platform for our customers! Qualifications Basic Qualifications Bachelor's degree or equivalent work experience At least 3 years experience with developing and implementing applications. Preferred Skills/Experience At least 4 years of experience in full-life cycle software development, preferably with experiences in developing multi-tiered enterprise applications with Microsoft technologies. At least 4 years of experience with developing and implementing .Net Applications. At least 2 years of development experience with T-SQL in Microsoft SQL server 2005+. Experience or high desire to work in an Agile / Scrum development methodology. Proven background in developing Web applications using Microsoft .NET technologies Previous experience in developing REST based web services Strong technical background in C, OOPS, ASP.NET Experience working with any ORM 4+ years of professional experience Experience with TFS and Visual Studio 2010, 2012, or 2013. Proven track record of working in a fast-paced, time-sensitive project that requires clear and timely communication, balancing priorities, and going above and beyond the requirement of the role Strong written and verbal communication skills. Ability to learn quickly and an expert problem solver. Experience with PowerShell is a plus Experience with Elastic Search is a plus. Duties Work across full software development life cycle Follow Agile development practices to support iterative development and releases Ownership of code, applications and systems for quality, interoperability and performance Work in small cross-functional teams Actively collaborate with business and engineering stakeholders Closely collaborate with partners to design and develop new integrations Candidates must have good coding standards, delivering quality and robust code, accompanied with concise commentary and documentation. Participates in the code review process Performs and/or leads design, coding, testing, implementation, and documentation of solution. Ensures that expected application performance levels are achieved. Estimates and defines time tables and project tasks; analyzes and estimates cost and time. Leads change impact analysis. Creates and may review unit and test plans. Identifies opportunities to improve testing process. Develops basic and detailed program specifications. Identifies and manages interfaces, service levels, standards, and configurations. Monitors operating efficiency of existing application systems. Proactively identifies opportunities for improvement and recommends technical solutions. Demonstrates good understanding of the business needs driving the projects. Job Information Technology Primary Location Minnesota-MN-Minneapolis Shift 1st - Daytime Average Hours Per Week 40